Nov 23 2009 	I Have Everyone Beat On Why Not to Stay Here	The trip was planned to be special, I was proposing to my girlfriend. The Westin St. Francis did it's best to ruin it. I prepaid, weeks in advance for a King Grand Deluxe, specified to be higher than the 22nd floor. When I checked in, the front desk attendant offered me a free upgrade to a suite in the older building, when I specifically asked about the view, he said it was limited. My girlfriend had never been to SF so I wanted a room with a view (only reason I picked the St. Francis), so I turned the upgrade down. Told nothing further and just handed the keys, I proceeded up to my room. Wow. It was on the 15th floor (it didn't hit me until I saw the lack of view), and it was anything but grand. The yellow wallpaper was peeling, and there was pubic hair in the bathroom. I have photos to share if anyone cares to see it. Now, I'm no prima donna, I just want what I paid for. I called the front desk, and it was confirmed that the room I was in was not what I had paid for. When I asked to speak with a supervisor, I was transferred to Morris Chu, who must have been dealing with many unhappy hotel visitors before me because he had the nerve to be confrontational with me. Can you believe that? His hotel sells me a pre-paid room which I cannot back out of without losing my FULL payment, and then doesn't have the room and he gets an attitude with me? Oh no, I am not someone who lies down when being attacked wrongfully. When I turned down at his oh so gracious offer to ONLY charge me for the lower category room I was given against my will, he told me &quot;well, you can check out anytime you want to.&quot; Wow. The only corporate email I received was someone who said nicely &quot;sorry, but feel better because we refunded you your charges.&quot; They did this because I checked out at 2AM, 3 hours after checking in. Gee, thank you so much for being so generous and refunding me my payment.	
Nov 23 2009 	Hotel has bad attitude	There was a strike of hotel workers and as a result the room was not cleaned for three days...was woken up at 6AM by the noise of picketers...I can tolerate that as it was not the Hotel management's fault...but what was shocking was that they would not accommodate my request for a late check out. My flight was at midnight, hence I requested a late check out at 3 PM on a Friday, the best they would give me was a 1:30 PM Check out. After all the problems we put up with during our stay, it was really adding insult to injury.	
Nov 15 2009 	Location Location especially for the Holidays	I just spent a weekend at the Westin St. Francis on Union Square and I was reminded of what is great about this hotel (and what isn't so great). First, you really can't find a better location. We stayed in the main part of the hotel (not the tower) so as to have a great view of Union Square. Union Square already had the ice rink set up for the holidays and I was reminded that this would be an excellent place to stay for the Union Square Holiday Tree Lighting or just for a weekend of holiday shopping with the family. My only complaint with the Westin is that the service leaves to be desired. We had a premium room but had to call for bathrobes. It took forever to check bags and the valet parking costs an arm and a leg. That said the room was very comfortable and the heavenly beds live up to their reputation. I'll be back for a Christmas weekend of shopping and ice skating. There is a good summary of San Francisco family holiday events here: www.99places.com.	
Nov 15 2009 	Location Location Location	I stayed here (with my spouse) for a conference in late June/early July 2009. The hotel itself is ideally situated and you can walk anywhere. Great shopping and restaurants abound. Our room, though nice, was teeny tiny. I imagine this is what hotels in the heart of New York City would be like. The shower was so small that it was difficult for me to shave my legs. For the price, I really expected more. It's clean and has a good location, and I'm sure the posh rooms are fantastic. Don't miss the hotel's restaurant - Michael Mina - for exceptional food and service!	
Nov 14 2009 	Choose the right tower	This hotel has a beautiful location at the Union Square, close to the major stores including Macy's, H&amp;M, Nike, Border's, Prada, Hermés, Apple. You name it and it's right there. To get the cable car you just cross the street. The major problem is they have two towers: the old one with small apartments and a view to nothing and the new tower, with the large rooms and bathrooms we're used to and if you get a higher floor you'll get a nice view of the town.Other cons: no free internet and a very expensive breakfest ($27,00 each). Nowadays they're doing some work there to renew the hotel.	
Nov 11 2009 	Perfectly Located Historic Hotel	Historic hotel with beautiful lobby and reception areas, and ideally located overlooking Union Square in the heart of the city. We were allocated a room in the original building, and although smaller than in other hotels on our USA trip, it was adequately furnished. During our stay the staff were courteous and helpful, housekeeping of rooms excellent.We dined in the hotel on the first night and dinner / service was excellent, as was breakfast the following morning (but rather expensive). For remainder of time in San Francisco we had dinner in various excellent restaurants and breakfast at a 50's themed diner, Loris.Took a ride on the external lifts in the tower block which gives great views over the city. We didn't have a car so the complaints about parking charges wasn't an issue, but did notice in all hotels we stayed in, that $45 seems to be a common charge for valet parking.Outside hotel is a stop for cable car which, with a pass, is a great way to visit sites like Fishermans Wharf, Alcatraz etc and restaurants in the evening.Overall San Francisco was our favourite city during our trip and if returning would certainly stay in the Westin St Francis again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Overrated - living on its name with rip off car-parking	Well I was extremely excited about stopping in this famous hotel right in the heart of San Fran but that all changed when we got there and checked in! We drove to the hotel from Yosemite, and were faced with having to pay nearly $60 a night for car parking!!! Thinking we would move it after the 24 hours were up, we went to move the car the next day only to be told that the rate for parking started at 11am that day so we would be charged for two nights ($120) for just 20hours in the car park! We decided to keep it there until 11am the following day then swapped to underground car park in the square just 50 yards away from hotel. Firstly we checked in late at 8pm on a Monday night - we wanted three rooms as there was six in our party and we ended up being spaced all over the place - on the 4th, 8th and 12th floor. Not too much of a problem but staff weren't very accomodating. Our room was the one on the top floor - when we arrived I was so disappointed - the room smelt of damp and the light fitting was hanging off the ceiling - decor was dated and room was very small. We also noticed that the lock on our door was half falling off so with that I decided we needed a different room and went to request a change. They found us another room on the same floor (so why couldn't you have given us two on floor 12 in the first place?). Again, there was an overwhelming smell of damp in the room - very unpleasant. I really didn't want to stay in there - it was small like the other room as well and it was at this point I thought we've paid way over the odds for this!Reception wouldn't change the room again as they said they were fully booked and couldn't accomodate us in another room at the same rate we paid. We were in the older tower so it might be that the rooms in the new bits are nicer but seriously - don't waste your money. We put up with musty damp smell for three nights in the end.I really think this hotel is resting on its laurels and surviving on the name and with that they think they can charge $60 a night car parking! what a joke! Great location yes but poor service, poor rooms and very dated decor everywhere. Would not recommend to anyone!	
Nov 8 2009 	Overrated and crowded	The Westin St. Francis is a historic property located on Union Square (a very busy shopping area). Although the original building is beautifully restored, they have added a contemporary tower behind the older building. The overall effect is the introduction of many more people, but the common areas remain the same size resulting in a constant feeling of overcrowdedness and poor service. Our room was in the new tower and was very nice and contemporary. The furnishings were tasteful and typical Westin. The bathroom was clean and all components worked well. The only complaint was the elevator which seemed to have an unusually long wait time. The common areas were beautiful and restored very well. The lobby is grand and since we were there at Christmas, was decorated wonderful with a huge tree, gingerbread house and the usually assortment of smaller decorations. We tried to have a drink in the lobby, but it was so crowded that we waited for 30 minutes and never saw a waiter. As well, I stood in a line for almost 40 minutes to speak with the concierge. The Hotel location is good - excellent if you like to shop. I found Union Square to be very crowded and touristy and lacking the usually personality of San Francisco. It is, though, close to a BART stop, but it is a hike up a hill to get to the Hotel. I feel for the money, there are better locations in the city. Overall, I was disappointed with the St. Francis. I thought I was staying in a historical property, but ended up in a cookie-cutter Westin hotel. This is by no means a bad thing, as Westins are very nice. I do think, though, there are better places to stay in San Francisco.	
Nov 6 2009 	GREAT LOCATION LOTS OF HISTORY	Great hotel with much history, trolly right out side our door, very friendly, knowledgeable staff,shopping right out side the door.	
Nov 5 2009 	Girl's weekend in San Francisco	Perfect location for visiting Union Square in San Francisco. Walking distance to resturants and theather. Great hotel, very helpful, beautiful views, nice size rooms. Parking is a rip-off, but it is pricy anywhere.	
Nov 5 2009 	Incredible location great view in the tower	We only stayed for 1 night but we enjoyed the hotel. The location is great. We took the sightseeing bus right from the front of the hotel. The area is full of stores and restaurants.Te breakfast was great (not included).We got a room on the 36th floor and the view was great.The parking is pretty expensive!	
Nov 4 2009 	Great views Bay:	We have stayed at hotel several times. Works great to catch red eye or early morning flight. The view of the Bay and planes landing is awesome.	
Nov 4 2009 	excellent location lovely room - maybe a little small great service	we stayed here as part of our honeymoon trip, the hotel was beautiful lovely lobby and very busy. Location wise it was excellent right in the heart of union square near shops etc, service very good cleanliness was excellent	
Oct 31 2009 	Amazing hotel! Great location and views - I will be back!	Just got home from San Francisco and I stayed for 4 nights. My room was on the 24th floor and had great views over Union Square. I have no complaints at all about my stay, I was greeted nicely and friendly when I checked in, the concierge was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Here are a few tips for a great stay at the St. Francis. Dont pay for the cheapest room, its a 5* hotel so naturally if you pay for the cheapest room it will be the smallest and have a poor view, so if you can afford to stay here, make sure you pay a bit extra. There are lots of categories of rooms and two wings to stay in so do a bit of research before booking. Dont not stay here because of the people who complain about the price of food etc, of course its expensive, its a 5* hotel, but when in San Francisco why eat/drink away your money in the hotel? There are many great places a few mins walk out the door that offer just as good food for half the price. When I asked the concierge for recommendations on where to eat, he never mentioned their own restaurants which goes to show they do care about your experience in the city as a whole, not just how much you spend at the hotel. There are a lot of reviews that complain about how busy it is, that is never a bad thing. Its busy for a reason, its a great place to stay, its a city and national landmark building and has dozens of meeting/conference rooms which are always in use. Anyway, I just think this is a really great hotel and would recommend to anyone.	
Oct 30 2009 	Superb hotel - VERY expensive food/drink/phone calls but service excellent.	Booked this after checking reviews on here and from a workmate who has stayed here. It is a LOVELY hotel right on Union Square in the heart of SF. Rooms were indeed pretty small, but what do you expect from a city centre hotel? Perfectly comfortable, although not a huge amount of storage space. In fact, I felt like &quot;The Princess and the Pea&quot; on that bed! We asked for a quiet room and got one at the end of a corridor. Walls not the thickest but we never had any real problems, and my hubby is a light sleeper.Staff extremely friendly, efficient and helpful. OK so they expect a tip but I was very impressed. Do NOT, repeat NOT, use the room phones unless you want to pay a second mortgage on your bill. They do make this clear in the room but it still was a shocker. And the restaurant and bars are horrendously expensive - go to Lori's DIner just up the road, we had breakfast there every day. But again I wasn't surprised, it's a posh gaff.I would definitely stay here on another trip to SF.	
Oct 30 2009 	Everything that I thought it would be!	Lobby and main area is amazing. Historically interesting and regal. Lots of business people and meetings, which I did not care for, but overall the experience was quite wonderful. I do not doubt that this had something to do with the room that they just automatically upgraded me to (the luxe king, corner room....always ask for a corner room...they are always bigger....)My room was amazingly huge, and the closet alone was massive...The bathroom was on the small side...Room service was quicker than any that I recall and delicious. The &quot;Clock Bar&quot; has wonderful drinks and very attractive and friendly bartenders! Love the shops inside the hotel...Love the overall opulence of the place...Incredible location...can't be beat...One of my favorite hotels in the city, and I like several actually....This one is not to be missed when you feel like spoiling yourself...Be sure to get a big room, as I sense that some might be on the small side...(similiar to a Fairmont hotel in that way...)	
Oct 29 2009 	what a great hotel and location!!	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights, it was a great location for getting around, the only mishap happened when we first arrived. We were really jet lagged and went to tour room. Our room was not that great didnot appear to be up to standard for a westin. The toilet seat in our bathroom was broken the bathroom door handle was nearly falling off and in one of the storage cupboards there was a horrible smell from it!! I immediately went down to reception and reported all these faults and right away we were moved to another room. This room was superb more like what we expected it was lovely clean and luxurious and we we were on the 9th floor and had to use the lifts that went really fast and gave you a really good view of union square. We had breakfast a few times that was good too!! The staff were really helpful and couldn't do enough for us!!	
Oct 26 2009 	Paper thin walls a voyeur's delight	As a Gold Starwood member since the mid-1990's, I expected a lot more. Tiny, tiny room with paper thin walls, bricks for a view. One one side, a heterosexual couple from Europe and on the other an acrobatic homosexual couple of unknown origin. Human copulation in Stereo! I guess that's one of the charms of San Francisco. Luckily, I packed my Bose headphones. Business travelers, avoid this location. There are newer hotels between Union Square and the Moscone Center to choose. They have closed the elegant French restaurant on the top floor and now it is used for special events.	
Oct 25 2009 	Claustrophobic	First and foremost, ask for a larger room. The one I got (#772) was really tiny... downright claustrophobic. I'm pretty sure the ceiling was higher than the room was wide. Contributing to the problem was a view of the next wing's brick wall and other folks' windows, which basically meant you needed to keep the shades down unless you're really into sharing. The only view to the outside world is the flatscreen TV. This room (and others like it) is at the end of a &quot;pipestem&quot; corridor, with the adjacent room's door mere inches away. When those occupants return to the room, it sounds like they are opening your door... and, by the way, once they are inside, it's pretty easy to hear whatever they say. The walls are not exactly soundproof.I realize this is an old hotel, and I suppose the small rooms are part of the charm. However, others at our conference described their rooms as larger... perhaps in a newer section of the hotel? The elevators are apparently also part of the &quot;charm&quot;, since they are very slow. Oddly enough, if you wait at the stack of two instead of the stack of three, things seem to go faster. That being said, the St. Francis is in a great location... right along the Powell Street cable car line. Easy and relatively inexpensive access to lots of places, including Fisherman's Wharf. Across the street is Union Square, where there were activities almost every day (bands, booths, etc.). There's tons of places to shop in the immediate area, and lots of restaurants. This is apparently the place to be seen and heard in San Francisco, since we heard the President attended an event there the week before we arrived, and the former Prime Minister of Israel, Olmert, was speaking one evening while were there. The latter resulted in protesters lining both sides of Powell Street... Palestinians on one side and Israelis on the other, with ample police presence in between. Interesting and not particularly troublesome.I recommend the night time tour of Alcatraz. It will make you feel better about your life outside the walls!Room service for dinner was adequate. Nothing special. Pricey, as you would expect.During our conference we used the 32nd floor of the tower for a breakout session. It's worth seeing if you get a chance... first because you take the outside-the-wall elevator up, and then because of the ornate decorations, and finally because of the spectacular 180 degree view of San Francisco. I didn't much like that the hotel is now the Westin St. Francis, with all the usual corporate features of the Westin chain... including the bathroom amenities, the bedding, the Service Plus number (or whatever it's called), etc. In my mind, those corporate touches took something away from the historic aspects of the Grande Dame...	
Oct 20 2009	Perfect Spot	Loved everything about the stay - there for the Nike Woman's Marathon - Lovely location would go again - very nice - 	
Oct 19 2009 	Loved the view! Can't beat the location!	We have no complaints on the Westin St. Francis. We had an early flight, and arrived at the hotel @ 9am. Our room was not yet ready, but they contacted us 2 hours later to let us know that we were able to check-in! We stayed in the new tower, on the 26th floor, in the Grande View King Suite. We had an amazing view of beautiful San Francisco, and I believe we were high enough not to hear too much of the street noise (I did hear the occasional emergency vehicle, but that was it). And as for the beds; I usually don't sleep too well when on holidays, but I had the best sleeps ever during our stay at the Westin St. Francis!I would definately reccomend this hotel, even just for the location! We were central to everything (transportation, food, and lots of shopping!) We had a fantastic time in San Francisco, and will definately be coming back!	
Oct 17 2009 	Hello room service send me a janitor"	We had looked on the internet for a great hotel in San Francisco to celebrate our second honeymoon. We hadn't been to this gorgeous city before so looked at many hotels on the web and the photos of the Westin St Francis looked great on their website. Firstly, I have to say the location in the heart of Union Square was fabulous and really saved my rating of this hotel. If you are looking for easy access around San Francisco, the Westin St Francis is perfect as it is on the tram stop, close to rail and great shops and restaurants. We arrived to a lobby under serious renovation ( I am sure it will be lovely when all the sheets come off the walls and the scaffold disappears....... )The reception desk staff were efficient and we were allocated an 18th floor room in the newer section of the hotel. With the images from the hotel web site firmly in mind, I opened our room door and was somewhat disappointed.... it ain't luxury! The view of the harbour and Union Square would have been a lot better if the grimy hand marks had been wiped from the windows. I sat down on the red chaise lounge, the cushion moved a little to reveal a huge amount of cracker crumbs which could have fed a small nation for a week! Further deflated, I looked down at the floor at the stains on the carpet.......... I looked around the room there were hooks on the walls but no picture,,,,, where did it go???? I stood up and sat at the desk, the dark painted wood chipped on the edges.The bathroom was okay and a reasonable size but in need of a refurbishment. It looks like there has been a patch up job of paint work that doesn't improve it. I know that I am sounding a little critical but my expectations of this hotel were high and they weren't met. Be warned the photos look a lot better than the real thing. If you are a hotel promoting itself at the upper end of the market you really need to be true to your word about the quality of your rooms. The Westin St Francis's rooms are in desperate need of renovation not just a patch up job and do not live up to the promotion on their website.The best part of the room was the bed which was very comfortable, but besides this there unfortunately isn't much to recommend. As we packed our bags after 3 days, I walked out the door, looked at the wardrobes in the entry area and wondered..&quot;what are all those watery marks covering the cupboard doors???Hello room service... send me the janitor!!!!!!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great stay!!!	Great location right in the middle of Union Square. The staff was very friendly. Overall great hotel stay, though I did wish the room was above the 7th floor, light sleeper, as I heard some garbage trucks in the early morning. Would stay again. The cable car runs right in front of the hotel, which made it convenient. I chose not to rent a car, but rather ride the shuttle to\from the airport. If you do rent, parking costs about $30 day. What I found.... in San Fran you don't need a car... using the cable cars, trains and buses, I was able to get all over the city.	
Oct 11 2009 	Best location service just OK very busy	The good - as everyone says, you really can't beat the location right on Union Square. We also had a fantastic view out our room window close to the top of the newer tower.The not so good - our first impression of the front desk was that they were not overly friendly, a little distracted. This is a very busy, bustling, sometimes noisy hotel so if you don't like that, don't stay here. Just so happens they are doing a remodel right now in the lobby so the visual impact was a little diminished for us. The bar in the lobby was always packed and full of metro types. I was panhandled next to the ATM machine by a party girl but hey, its the big city. Did not eat at any of the restaurants except for grabbing a croissant from the coffee bar (very good!) so can't comment on those. I personally prefer a more quiet, boutique type hotel to rejuvinate from a day of sightseeing so I may opt for something else next time.I'll go ahead and say yes I'd recommend this hotel because of location but it totally depends on what you like/don't like.	
Oct 8 2009 	A Gracious Historical Hotel	The Westin St. Francis--history and location, what more can you ask for? The hotel staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are expectedly on the small side, but an evident attempt has been made to combine modern convenience with historic detail. A gracious old hotel on Union Square. The location can't be beat. Close to great restaurants, shopping, and easy Muni access to every location in San Francisco.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very good location but dated accommodation.	We were really looking forward to our first trip to San Francisco and spending a few days taking in what lots of our friends have raved about. The trip from the airport was a great start: a wannabe grand prix taxi driver who didn't utter a word until I paid him his fare and a generous tip for getting us to our hotel in one piece!Check in was straightforward with pleasant and helpful staff. We were actually served grapefruit juice while we waited in line. This was a nice touch, and was no doubt done to take our mind off the extensive and noisy refurbishment work taking place around us in the reception area.We'd booked a deluxe room with a view of Union Square, but the only king size room available was on the 17th floor of the new (70s) tower. The externally mounted lifts are a bit of a surprise at first as they whizz up the side of the building. If you don't like fast theme-park like rides, keep facing towards the lift doors or keep your eyes closed!Our room had a reasonable view (not of Union Square but you could see the water), and was a reasonable size, but the decor, dark wood furniture and dark heavy velvet curtains were very drab and very dated. The bathroom was another story. Spacious but most of this was wasted. There was not a walk-in shower, but something had been fitted over the bath. Unfortunately it was not adjustable for height, or rather it had been once but was no longer suitable for someone of 6ft to stand under as it kept collapsing down to about 4ft. Frankly, for a hotel of this calibre and price, the standard of the bedroom accommodation was poor.For dining we tried the Oak Room for dinner on our first night. The lack of customers should have warned us. Admittedly it was old and characterful, but this is the 21st century and we were looking for something a little more cheery and comfortable than this rather dark and dreary room. Still we persevered and opted for the prime rib. It wasn't bad but nothing special, but the rub came from having to pay extra for the side dishes to go with it. The upshot was that dinner had suddenly become quite expensive for what was a fairly ordinary meal. The service was so so, and it took the waiter 4 requests by us for 2 cappuccinos - he kept promising they were on their way - &amp; he still got it wrong and brought us espressos instead!Breakfast in the Oak Room was not much better. The buffet was fairly standard stuff, but priced rather high for largely cold food (even when it was meant to be hot) and the servers were either deaf, sullen or both. You could boiled eggs, but the waitress apologised they had no eggs cups and brought my wife a desert bowl instead! The Westin St Francis is ideally located for a host of upmarket shops around or near Union Square, but is showing signs of its age and in need of a major make over.A bus tour of San Francisco was an eye-opener and nothing like what we expected. Fisherman's Wharf and the pier 39 area were rather touristy, but offered great views of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge. Other parts of the city were interesting but not necessarily spectacular. Golden Gate Park is well regarded, but is not out of the ordinary.We tried to catch the famous trolley bus that runs right past the Westin, but everytime we tried to board it was too full with people hanging off the side. A ticket was $5 per person but a taxi to Fisherman's Wharf cost $10. A coach trip to Monterey and Carmel is a day well spent. The coast road (Highway 1) is very scenic and 17-Mile Drive, including the Pebble Beach Golf Club, shows you what you could buy if money was no object!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel great service awesome location	Very nice hotel. Staff was very friendly and accomodating. The location is fantastic...right near Union Square, close to several tourist attractions. Try the award winning Michael Mina restaurant that's inside the hotel, although getting reservations is tough. Nice lounge area &amp; great coffee bar in the lobby.	
Oct 8 2009 	San Francisco	The hotel is old looking but nice. Could use a pool for the hot days. Parking is very expensive $50 a night.	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfortable hotel in great location.	Hotel is in a great location, right across the street from Union Square. We stayed the weekend and never had to use our car. Renovations were being done in the lobby during our stay, but they did a great jof of keeping everything clean and comfortable. Only beef is that drinks at the clock bar are way overpriced.	
Oct 7 2009 	Insult to Injury	We had never been to San Francisco before and were really looking forward to the holiday. It started off badly at the airport. First my suitcase locks were broken and I then had to purchase another bag whilst out there. This was just the start of things to come..!!!When we arrived at the hotel, I was not given the room I requested and was simply told at check in.. &quot;sorry sir, but we are incredibly busy&quot; The room we were given was nice enough, clean and tidy but there was two double beds instead of one giant bed. The room was on the 19th floor and although clean, it did looked well lived in and could have done with a makeover. I was told that the room I had requested could be given to me on the 4th night of my 6 night stay... errrr... I don’t think so. Oh forgot to mention that the air conditioning kept breaking down and we had to request maintenance on 2 occasions. In reality, it would have been 5 occasions, but we were too polite/embarrassed/stupid to keep calling them up. The room service was faultless, although extremely expensive as was the mini bar. The restaurant in the hotel was nice enough but I thought that there were better places to eat outside the hotel and which were cheaper (if only slightly). I would not recommend this hotel for travellers/lovers/families as the hotel is very pro business people. During my stay, I wore on a daily basis, casual shirts and trousers, jeans e.t.c. and I always felt like the staff at the hotel, especially the concierge, treated me like a second class citizen. The way they spoke to me and their general attitude towards me. There was so many people in suits with conferences going on it was crazy. Yet for one night only when me and my partner went on a dinner and dance cruise, we got suited and booted and looked very smart indeed. The difference in the way that we were treated in the hotel was immediately noticeable and staff even said hello to us in passing in the corridors! The staff obviously judge a book by its cover and that for me is unacceptable.Ill finish off with check out. I was going to use the express checkout method, but for some reason I decided to do it manually. (thank god i did). I paid for my holiday via my travel provider. Therefore, my room and flights were paid for and all I would be responsible for would be my room service e.t.c.When i checked out, reception wanted to charge my visa for the room service and the stay at the hotel which came to over $2,000!!! in shock and disbelief I explained the situation to the reception lady. She found it incredibly difficult to comprehend what I was saying and she had to speak to her manager. (surley I wasn’t the only person to book through a travel agent?!!) I was then assured that I would only be charged for the room service e.t.c. and that they were sorry for the inconvenience. As i left to get into the taxi which was waiting, I couldn’t help but feel that I was given the brush off, so I again, went back to reception just to make sure that there was no misunderstanding. I was promised that everything was ok, and that they wont be charging my visa for the full amount. Yes, you guessed it! 10 days after being home, and they've taken the full amount out of my visa. I now have the headache of trying to sort this out which i neither have the money or patience to do. San Francisco for us overall was a bit of a disappointment and I wish i only went for 3 days instead of 6. There were other things happened during our stay (which is nothing to do with the hotel) which put a downer on things, but the issue I am now having with my hotel is simply adding insult to injury.I hope you have better luck than we did, but if you are a couple or family, there must be a better hotel to stay in than this!! Pros - Cleaners, especialy our cleaner she was very polite and friendly and the bell boy? sorry i dont know the official term, but the men who stand at the front of the hotel to yell cabs. Again very polite and friendly. Oh and the beds. Although a bit small as we didnt get what we requested, very comfy and dreamy.Cons....... Everything else.	
Oct 7 2009 	Excellent location and almost excellent service	Real quick:1. Location is great. Right on Union Square and trolley stop is right in front to take you to Lombard Street or the Wharf.2. The rooms are small, but that is expected in an old hotel. Typical Westin beds. But elegant crown molding and chandelier. The hotel overall has a very classic, elegant vibe.3. Front desk people were great and gave personal recommendations which made it easy for us to see &quot;what the locals do.&quot; They each went above and beyond4. Concierges were hit or miss. But Jeff did arrange a great car service in short notice.5. We used the Clock Bar in the lobby that does have a good scene and gets quite busy.Pretty straightforward. Overall, the hotel is very grand (entrance, hallways, etc) but rooms are quite typical. can't beat location though. The only other hotel I'd consider staying at is the InterContinental, but the Westin has a much better location.	
Oct 5 2009 	one of the best	Everyone should visit this hotel, the localtion is perfect, besides Macy's.	
Oct 3 2009 	'Lets go to San Francisco....'	Very nice hotel in a superb location. If you are planning your first visit to SF as we were, this would be an ideal place to stay. Better than the Fishermans Wharf area which is very touristy. Walking distance to Chinatown, trolley bus stops outside. Our room on the 29th floor had a superb view - when the mist kept away. The Clock Bar is pricey but has a nice atmosphere and service is good. Restaurant Michael Mina (One Michelin star I think) was superb but expensive. Nice spa but also expensive. Like many upmarket American hotels, breakfasts are inflexible and pricey. We went to a variety of cafes near the hotel and paid less than half.Good points - location++++, views, Michael Mina, access to high end shops, ambience.Less good points - expensive spa and no pool. SF can be very misty, this can persist all day and can be chilly, be prepared. Cost ten dollars to access internet in the business centrs (for first 20mins).We would definitely go back.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent base to see the sights and throw in some retail therapy!	Good location, staff very helpful - room was great as we managed to get a room in the &quot;Tower&quot; section - cannot speak for the older part. Although we did not choose to eat in the hotel the rest of the factilities were good - only downside is they do not offer free wifi which was disappointing. We would definately stay there again - fascinating history too!	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location would choose a diff hotel the next time though	I have to say for the price we paid, I would have much preferred to stay in the same location but in a diff hotel.I found that if you are not wearing expensive labels and real posh, you will stand out like a sore thumb in this place.Even down to the door man, for example. I asked him a question and all he was interested in was I looking for a taxi. (looking for his tip for blowing a whistle at one of the many taxis that are lined up outside)Another point to note is the noise levels. Because of the location and the physical structure of the building (old building), it was noisy. Street performances at night and people in the corridor in the mornings.And last but not least (that I am going to write up on, there are more), when we landed in the hotel room, I had a look around and there was a dirty ear bud on the floor in the bathroom (and the carpet in the bedroom itself was very poor / old / off-putting). I left it there to see would it be cleaned the next morning. I was there for 6 nights, and it was still on the floor when I was leaving!!! I even tried to give them a hint and threw my dirty towel on it so when they lift it, they would see it, but no.In conclusion, I recommend you spend less in a more comfortable hotel in the same location.Hope this helps!	
Sep 23 2009 	Good Location Great Bed A bit on the noisy side	My husband and I spent 2 nights at the St. Francis with some mixed results, but overall, a nice experience. We arrived Friday, late afternoon. No valet parking for my husband, he can't stand to see someone else drive his car, so we spent some time trying to find access to the Union Square Garage (right across the street from the hotel) to park the car. This is a nice feature when you finally get into the garage, much cheaper than paying the valet to park your car in the exact same parking garage. I think we paid $67 for friday-sunday stay, where as the St. Francis charges $50 a day, I believe. Wheeled our luggage across the street to the St. Francis, which had a bustling entrance, cabs in line, valet dudes at the ready, and a steady stream of people walking in and out of the revolving door. When we walked into the hotel, I just wanted to concentrate on getting checked in, so I have to admit to not really noticing the nice entry hall/lobby area of the hotel, although later on, when I had time, I was appreciative. There was a line to check in, but it moved quickly. We booked via Expedia, which I perhaps incorrectly suspect gives us a worse chance of getting a good room, and when I found out we were on the 4th floor, above Union Square, my suspicions were confirmed. We were booked in the older part of the hotel, which I was a bit excited about, ambiance and all that corny stuff. Plus, with no kids on the trip, the character of the older rooms would not be such a big deal. So, up to the fourth floor, big beautiful hallways, marble floor molding, wainscoting, tastefully decorated all the way. Walking into our room, the sheer size of it was impressive. We had booked a King room, and there was plenty of space around the bed to walk, along with two sitting chairs (not comfortable at all) and a small desk and business-type chair (which didn't really go with the decor). The room had a closet, a minibar, flat screen tv, coffee maker with Starbucks and a safe. Nice big window in there as well, overlooking a noisy street. The bath was small, but tastefully decorated. My husband loved the room. He can sleep through anything, so he had some great sleeps during our stay. I am a light sleeper and heard the street noise, which included a band on Friday night right below our window, the usual city sirens, and the banging of the doors in the hallway of the other guests. The bed, I must say, was quite comfortable. It was nice to be in a hotel room without Spongebob on the t.v.! Our experience at the bar later that night was enjoyable, although the prices were a bit steep for us Nevadans. They did serve a wonderful martini though! Coming back from our concert at 2:00 a.m., the hotel lobby was still quite a happening place! It was nice to come back to this beautiful room after a loud, two hour mind numbing concert. Overall, we enjoyed our stay, which I am sure was influenced by the fact that we left the two kids at home, and we decided that next time we would try the modern tower, maybe that would be a quieter experience. The proximity to shopping and food makes this hotel a great choice for a visit to San Francisco. Just ask for a room up a bit from the street!	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent location and comfortable hotel	I stayed at the St Francis for business for six nights.The location is excellent and the accommodation was very comfortable especially the so called 'heavenly' bed. I requested an upgraded room (as an SPG member) in the Tower building. This was in a quiet location and well away from the traffic noise in Union Square. I stayed at the St Francis for business for six nights.The location is excellent and the accommodation was very comfortable especially the so called 'heavenly' bed. I was given an upgraded room (as an SPG member) in the Tower building. This was in a quiet location and well away from the traffic noise in Union Square. Great food in the hotel restaurants, I would certainly recommend the hotel and would stay there again. The staff were very friendly and very helpful.	
Sep 20 2009 	A Wonderful Stay in a Wonderful City	Was a little hesitant booking the Westin St Francis having read the conflicting reviews in the past. However I got a great internet rate for our 3 night stay and far cheaper than any of the comparible hotels in the vicinity.Expected to get the bog-standard basement room with a window overlooking the yard (or a brick wall!) for the price we paid - but as we didn't intend on spending much time in the hotel - we were ok with same.What a Surprise! A very pleasant check-in with Natty the friendly Receptionist resulted in her offering us a &quot;special room&quot; and the option of declining the room if it did not meet our expectation.Up to the 27th floor of the new tower to a corner suite. Were we heck going to forfeit this for a standard room!! The lobby area of the suite was larger than the bedroom we had come from Yountville and I felt like a superstar! The main area was overwhelming with stunning views of the city scape, bay and Coit Tower. Those heavenly beds are so conducive to a good night's sleepBathroom was spacious with the standard shower over bath, good towels and adequately stocked. The starbucks coffee maker was a bonus, plasma TV, safe, etc all standard these days.After a long tiresome day we decided to eat in the Oak Room - and too were not disappointed. Could imagine in bygone days that this was the place for the aristrocracy and 'incrowd' of San Francisco to be seen. Quite formal and sedate, but the service and the food were excellent. There appeared to be a mature 'celebrity' dining whilst we were there and caused a bit of a cawfuffle amongst the more mature diners in the restaurant. Any interactions we had with staff were delightful. Our housekeeping service failed to supply towels one of the days, but a quick call resulted in an ample supply being delivered. My only negativities towards the Westin St Francis is the charge for the use of the business centre. I had reason to check my emails and print 2 pages which resulted in a charge of $12. A bit extreme for a couple of minutes use. However I have seen it mentioned on other threads and now appears to be standard. The other was the lack of soundproofing (which always amuses me when others mention it in city hotel reviews!). Although we were on the 27th floor, the city noise was evident - but hay ho we were in a vibrant, buzzing city and got over it. If I wanted peace and quiet we would have booked an out of town, country retreat! I had little to grumble about!Hotel was busy with a number of conventions each day of our visit, however elevators were prompt and there was no delay getting to floors. The glass elevators were a great way to get a panoramic vista of the city (although we had our own private vista in our room!)Although there have been numerous negative comments regarding this hotel, based on my experience I would have no hesitation of staying here again. The location is perfect, the staff efficient, courteous and friendly. A wonderful stay in a wonderful city	
Sep 18 2009 	The Good The Bad and The Ugly	THE GOOD- Stayed in the new section for 5 nights while on vacation. The room was of good size, clean and comfortable. The decor is pleasant, . The front desk and housekeeping staff provide efficient, courteous services. Any problems were resolved promptly. The location is excellent with lots of shopping, restaurants, entertainment and transit nearby. Cable car is right at the hotel door. The cable car goes directly to Fisherman Wharf. As I have a transit pass, I also took the cable car almost daily to Chinatown where there are a great variety of fruits at rediculously low price (e.g. 0.69/lb for grapes).THE BAD - My friends' room is near the elevator. They found it very noisy and couldn't sleep at night. I found the lobby entrance (at Powell St) very eerie in the evennings when the the Mino (?) restaurant was not open. Coffee cup is of styro foam type - not environmentally friend, and cheap for such an expensive hotel.THE UGLY - They charge a fee for everything. The fridge in the room must be closed within 10 seconds otherwise it will charge a fee. The internet is $22.5/day, no free internet in the lobby. They should know that not everyone has business expense account. Without the internet, I had no access to emails and was not able to search for things to do in SF. Had I know in advance, I'll not stay in Westin. For this reason, I will not recomment this hotel to anyone .	
Sep 17 2009 	A few pitfalls but overall Westin made my trip to San Fran memorable... A wonderful hotel.	I was traveling on business but with a significant other, so this trip was as much a vacation as anything. I booked this hotel on Priceline for a quarter what it was selling for on the open market. From what I can tell Priceliners usually get a very cramped room with no view in the &quot;old&quot; section. That was still fine with me, as the spectacular location, gorgeous public spaces, fantastic staff, and Heavenly Bed and Bath were good enough for me. And regardless, for about $60 a night they would have upgrading into the newer section (still a good value). We checked in late and, I'm assuming as a result, were given an upgraded room in the &quot;new&quot; tower on a high floor. It was magnificent. Spacious, clean, modern and with great views of San Francisco... it transformed out trip. As I mentioned, all Westin rooms (including this one) had wonderful beds and bathrooms. The front desk staff was friendly and more importantly polished - something I find less and less of these days. The room service, cleaning staff, and doormen were all excellent as well. I find the reviews complaining about extra charges at a four star hotel a little lame. It is, in fact, really annoying to pay high fees for internet, the business center, parking, fitness, breakfast etc. However that high end hotels charge for these services is no secret - avoiding them is a big part of why so many business travelers stay at places like Courtyard or Hilton Garden Inn. While those hotels might be a better value, they simply cannot touch the heritage and, frankly, class of the Westin St. Francis and its staff. They actually succeeded in turning a hotel stay into a memorable experience for my partner and me - something very hard to come by for otherwise budget travelers.	
Sep 17 2009 	Condescending staff most UNFRIENDLY to families with young children.	We travelled from cyprus to SF with our children aged 2 and 4 and with another family with 2 children aged 3 and 6. We stayed 4 nights in early april, did a road trip, and then came back to stay 2 nights. From get go they could never find our reservation no matter what we did till we contacted the corporation that had recommended the hotel in the first place. The reservation staff treated us like they were sure this was the first time we had travelled ever. And from thequestions they asked we got the feeling that they felt we had never stayed in a grander hotel than the westin.Well we have, from the madinat jumeirah in dubai to the stamford in australia to the ritz at florida and the maurya in Delhi. And we have never been treated like this. And all because we did not flaunt ourselves or the fact that we did come in for a conference in Santa clara as well as a family holiday.I am sure there are loads of travelleres who dont have similar requests like ours as we had really small kids with us, and a had a great no frills stayWe needed hot milk on one evening for the children and it came after exactly 48 minutes and 2 calls later and cold. And the lady as well as the staff who bought it up told us &quot; we have other delivereies, we cant just run and do just one', wow, thats certainly an education in hospitality right there. Then they locked us out of our rooms after a really long day. our children were asleep and we called down from the floor we were on and requested the lady who took our call to send someone with a key. Without an apology she said, I am sorry we cant do that we are really busy. So I explained to her that one of our children were sleeping on the carpet in the corridor and we couldnt leave them to come down with all our shopping bags and the pram. Then I had to call for a manager who said he would he would come up himself ( he didnt) but atleast he sent someone up and he called to apologise.Obviously the service manager has not told the staff that these events leave awful impressions and the aim should be to erase them and replace them with service and quality.Theres more , when we did return to SF after our road trip, there was no one to help us unload the hummer or to park it. Unbelievable.And then to top it all, they checked us into a room that was already checked to someone else. We walked into a room that had luggage and clothes etc. The guests were obviously out and it was very emabrrasing for us. But certainly a usual event at the westin for sure as no one seemed to be bothered about this gaffe. The only one who really wanted to help was the man who brot our luggage up on the trolley. He immediately went downstairs and arranged another room. meanwhile we were on the fone trying to explain to the condescending staff about what happened. Not once did a manager or anyone come to apoloise or fix it. We checked into our new room apparently on a higher floor ( just a ruse) and the airconditioner was not working, the curtains would not close and within an hour all of us were itching and kids were itching in their sleep too. It was 9 PM and we called the manager because we were worried about what could be on the sheets as the room had been closed up before we were moved in. This was the WONDERFUL ROOM GIVEN TO US ON A HIGHER FLOOR TO MAKE UP FOR THE FACT THAT WE HAD BEEN GIVEN SOMEONE ELSE'S ROOMS. the manager was not really helpful, though he did try. From past experience at the westin, we decided not to change rooms as asking for a room would throw the staff off balance again. So we asked for a change of sheets and quilts and pillows and they came and did it but it was like we had really troubled the busy staff of a great hotel. The next morning the manager told us he was getting a room ready for us in half hour, one hour , 2 hours andd finally by 11:30 we had a new room. We had to change all our plans, because you see we were being punished for requesting a room change. And we set about unpacking yet again. Oh and one morning we asked a lady concierge where we could breakfast as we had eaten at macys and sears and wanted a good family friendly place and she was rude and recommended a most disgusting dirty eatery down the road. And we left from there. So much for the knowledgable concierge.We will try not to stay there even if the corporation who put us up there tells us we can. infact we have asked the rather large fortune 500 not to put us up there again.We noticed that if someone walked in and threw their weight around, snapped their fingers and raised their voice , a few staff would immediately come to attention and accomplish the impossible. Mebbe there was a message to be had from all this, dont stay with us if you have kids, as we cant handle families and their requests. Other than these issues the location is brilliant and we relaised that probabaly the loction is the greatest downfall to the service that the staff provide.	
Sep 13 2009 	Beautiful good location but it ends there	Upon arrival, it is a bit difficult to locate the hotel entry area in order to valet park. Once checked in to our room, we discovered that the air condition didn't work and the wondow was jammed shut. We asked for help opening the window. Housekeeping assisted, then maintenance assisted, to no avail. When we asked the front desk about moving rooms, we were told the hotel was booked. We slept, or attempted to, in a hot room that night. Opon check out, we called valet to pull our car around. No body answered. We called the front desk to ask if we were dialing the right number and were told, &quot;they never answer, just go down and request your car in person.&quot; So when we got downstairs with our luggage, approximately twenty other people were there waiting. The wait to get our car was almost an hour which is completely unacceptable. When I went inside of the building to get a comment card, the man I walked up to behind the counter told me &quot;I'll have to go to someone else for assistance, that he wasn't able to help me&quot; before I even opened my mouth. During this hour wait, a lady that appeared to be a supervisor was shuttling out luggage for guests that amazingly had their cars pulled around and wwalked right out of the hotel into their vehicles with no wait. This practice was very belittling to the twenty something guests waiting at any given time, an hour for their car. Needless to say, I will not stay at the Westin St. Francis again.	
Sep 10 2009 	Beautiful Hotel So-So Service	Went over Labor Day Weekend, requested old section since we like the historical aspect of it. Received a room with the view of a brick wall and other hotel room windows to look into ours - so make sure you request something with a view! When asked if we could change rooms they said no. Reception &amp; Concierge weren't very friendly - seemed &quot;put out&quot; by our questions. We didn't eat/drink at the hotel - but did at the Hyatt up the street which we asked ourselves &quot;why didn't we just stay at the Hyatt?&quot; Location was great in Union Square - center of everything. Beware: parking is $50 per day!	
Sep 9 2009 	Not suitable for road warriors	I can see that this hotel might be very good for vacationers, so my objective here is only to advise potential business travellers or conference attendees.While convenient to downtown business and conference venues, the Westin StF is relatively expensive and provides less than adequate services for the average business traveler. The room in the old building (low tower) was smaller than local alternates and I would say it was actually bit cramped. For example, there is no easy chair in the room to stretch out and watch TV from after a hard day on the road. There is instead a rather uncomfortable office chair that is not even adjustable to the correct height to enable comfortable laptop typing at the desk.The first room offered was very noisy, due to a wedding party in full session down the hall. When I asked to be relocated, (immediately, within 10 minutes of getting into the room) I was asked why and cited noise as the reason. The desk staff asked me whether I had first complained to security about the noise. Right - I want to get into making noise complaints against other guests when I'm barely in the door.The second room was initially quiet, but as the rooms filled, I noted that the walls appeared thin to the extent that you can clearly hear conversations in the adjoining room. The odd layout of the rooms places room doors adjacent to each other and the constant slamming of doors was an annoyance. It also sounds as if someone is trying to get into your room, which can be a bit disconcerting late at night.Wireless internet cost extra but was slow with spotty service. The RJ45 jack was deliberately disabled even though I could get only minimal signal. When I enquired about the internet I was rudely informed that &quot;it worked fine and no-one else had complained&quot;. Even the hotel's business center is not free, with credit-card charges required for even minor print jobs and for system access. The hotel does provide access to a printer that enables you to print your airline boarding pass.My room was not serviced consistently. Used towels and glasses were not replaced, the floor was not vacuumed and the bathroom surfaces not wiped down. The hotel provides a daily service opt-out and you might as well accept it for the small refund. I also walked past the same bit of broken glass in the hallway for three days, indicating that the public areas were equally ill-kept. The maid kept on turning the AC off. I wasn't running it constantly, but had set the thermostat to a reasonable 75deg so that the room would not be stifling at the end of the day. When I returned, it was invariably set to off or much higher than the ambient temperature. The AC was unusually quiet for an old hotel.(The room also had an odd smell. Not unpleasant, just a strange and unplaceable odor that might have been from some cleaning solution - nothing bad enough to complain about, just another quirk of this hotel.)The bed was comfortable with an abundance of pillows but had 2 heavy covers that were totally unnecessary in the summer. Because of the cramped room, There was no convenient place to get them right off the bed for comfortable sleeping, (other then the dubiously-cleaned floor) which limits use of the otherwise spacious bed. Breakfast costs extra and is expensive. Even the health center costs $10 a day extra and is ridiculously cramped with too many unused weight machines and little floor space. Exercise machine time was limited to 30 mins at peak usage times - hardly enough time to work up a decent sweat. The hotel’s restaurant and bars appeared overpriced and the menus underwhelming, so I cannot comment on them. Fortunately, there are many excellent restaurants at all price points surrounding Union square that offer great food at very good value for a major city.When I next return to SF, be it for business or pleasure, the Westin St Francis will not be on my list of potential hotels. My fellow travellers in other hotels on this trip had few complaints.I am marking some amenities as &quot;no&quot; even though they are present, as I do not believe that guests should be charged for such services.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Location	The location of this Westin on Union Square is great if you've never been to San Francisco before. Yes, it's a very touristy area but sometimes that's ok. Also, since the hotel is in a central location it is easy to get to other parts of the city by walking or public transportation. There is Bart/Muni station within a 5 minute walk, and the cable car stops directly in front of the hotel door. Cabs were also easy thanks to the hotel having a guy out front most of the time lining them up.The hotel lobby is nice and has a seating area with drink and food service. We liked the &quot;Westin Unwind&quot; deal which bought you some wine tastings and cheese for a decent price. One thing that was lacking was the usual smell that Westins have pumped into the lobby. It was there but very faint. The bar (Clock Bar) located near the entrance of the hotel was always crowded and a bit overpriced. There are two restaurants, neither of which looked like a good value. There was an offer for a special menu at the Oak Room but when we checked the place out it was completely empty and did not look inviting. The lower level also had a gift shop, a Victoria's Secret and a florist. There may have been other shops but they weren't open while we were there. Another thing to note is that there were many business functions happening in the hotel everyday, and the lobby could get very busy and crowded at mid-day.Our room was in the modern tower (not the original building). The glass elevators are really neat but we found ourselves waiting for one to come longer than expected on most occasions. The room itself was listed as &quot;Grand View&quot; and it was on a higher floor. The view was good, and the windows were large. One complaint is that the windows lacked sound proofing and you could really hear the city noise in your room. On a positive note, the windows could actually be opened which was nice to let the breeze in. The room itself was a good size, with a small walk in area and main living area. The bathroom was on the small size, but good enough. We had a flat screen TV, a desk and a small couch in addition to the bed and dressers. The Starbucks coffee, snack bar and other standard stuff was on it's own stand in the entrance way. As usual the snack bar items were beyond overpriced. The closet had a small safe and was a good size. We found the temperature control to be good, however, I think due to the motion sensor on the unit, it would seem to get very warm in the middle of the night. Also, there was a faint musky smell in the room. Don't get me wrong, the room was very very clean, but there was definitely a slight smell that may have been coming from the a/c. The bathroom was a basic Westin bathroom with the dual shower heads and small tub/shower combo. The exhaust fan was completely ineffective and shower steam needed a good 30 minutes to dissipate before you could use the mirror again. Overall we were satisfied with the room but I wouldn't choose to stay there for a luxury experience or if you are planning to spend a majority of your time in the room.The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The concierge desk was very capable and made some great dinner reservations for us, as well as provided maps, helpful tips, etc. We had room service a few times and the food service staff were very good as well. We had no problem calling the front desk for some items (toothpaste, mini-fridge, etc.) and they were all brought to our room right away.Some disappointments were that there was no free internet, not even in the lobby. The price while we were there was $15/day for internet. The fitness center was too expensive at $12/day, and really should be included with the room rate. Finally, not really a big deal but there is no pool at this hotel.Overall, if you know the Westin brand then you know what you are getting at this hotel. The real benefit is the location, which is hard to beat.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location!	Great stay with family for our first time in San Fransisco. Not up to standard of some Sheraton Hotels we have enjoyed, but still good.	
Sep 7 2009 	An enjoyable stay near Union Square	The Westin St. Francis is well situated for most any activity in San Fransico. Located on Union Square you are at the hub of activity! The classic exterior hides a modern clean and accomidating hotel within. During my stay I misplaced my ebook reader while at the hotel gym. The staff was very helpful and recovered the item for me very quickly. The tower rooms are spacious and have all the features one would expect from Westin.The hotel is easy walking distance to the Moscone. An excellent choice in SFO.	
Sep 7 2009 	Claims to be 4 star hotel - should be labeled 2 stars.	I just got back from the St. Francis in San Francisco with my wife and another couple staying in a seperate room. We all agreed on the fact that this IS NOT A FOUR STAR HOTEL. At best, I would give it 2 stars.The location is prime, and it is a historic hotel - that is what would keep it from being a one star. I'm sure before *wood took it over, the service was top notch.However, the staff was rude. The front desk would act like it's a burden to do anything. When I asked to switch rooms because my wife's allergies were acting up, the front desk acted offended, insisting that the rooms are cleaned thoroughly and this could not be the case -- it was a hassle to get her to switch the room. I want to make it clear, the hotel was nowhere near full, we had just checked in (not used the room, just put our bags down) and by no means were asking for an upgrade. I think even a Holiday Inn would be easier to deal with then these people. The concierge was a joke. I very politely asked for some more coffee (they gave us only one pod in the room, and we had registered as two people), and was told in a very rude tone that they can't do anything, and I need to go up to my room and call the front desk.The door men never offered to help with our bags (we had some large bags), which should be standard for a four star. And the rooms. Note - we got basic rooms. While the bed was the standard comfortable bed of a Westin, and the TV was nice, the room was like a closet! This was one of the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in! And the view was awful, they stuck us facing another room, meaning no sunlight ever got in. The bathroom was smaller then a prison bathroom. I understand it's an old hotel, but when renovating they can expand the rooms instead of cramming as many cubicles in the building as possible.For the price I paid, the service and room was a rip off. The location was great, and it is the historic St. Francis, but that's it. Next time I'm in SF I will not be staying here.	
Sep 4 2009 	Love this hotel	I read the reviews of this hotel before we left, and honestly, I was a bit nervous. And when we got our room in the old hotel, I was initially disappointed. Shows how much I know!We LOVED our room. It was bigger than a lot of hotel rooms I have stayed in, and very, very clean. The bed was comfy, and I especially loved the chandelier. We didn't have a view, but that was okay, since we spent most of our time doing things and not looking out the window.The location in Union Square is fabulous--great access to shopping, cable cars, and restaurants. I would avoid the lobby bar--$12 for a glass of wine? There are plenty of other places nearby where you can get a drink for much less. In fact, in the room there was a corkscrew and wineglasses, so you could enjoy a bottle on your own. We didn't have any problems with the staff, and the room temperature was comfortable and everything worked. Even if you aren't staying in the new tower, I recommend taking a ride up in the glass elevator. The views are fabulous all the way up, and stunning from the top floor.I love Westin hotels, and would recommend this one to anyone.	
Sep 3 2009 	Excellent	My husband and I spent 5 nights at westin st. francis in August. Initially we were given a room in the historical tower. The room was small but efficient. We asked the front desk if we could be moved to the new tower and they were great about the whole process. They allowed us to check out the new room before we decided to move. The room was GORGEOUS. There was no view or anything but the size was great. It was very clean and offered a lot of amenities. Unlike some of the other reviews, we didn't find the room or hotel to be noisy at all. The locations of the hotel is great as well. The cable cart stops right infront of it and you can take the BART from the airport, get off at Powell street and walk 2 blocks to the hotel. We'd def. stay at this hotel again. Oh and dn't forget to buy the muni pass if you are there for multiple days.	
Sep 3 2009 	wonderful hotel	I had a great stay at The Westin St francis - the service is really good, rooms are big and clean, bathrooms are very well equipped and the hotel has all services needed, including the fantastic Michael Mina restaurant. I recommend.	
Sep 2 2009 	Perfect location	We stayed at the Westin St Francis from the 29th June 2009 for 4 nights. We were in the old building on floor 12. The room is quite small but is perfectly adequate for somewhere to sleep and get ready, by no means is it cramped. The standard was as expected at a Westin. My only complaint was that the walls are thin and I could hear a conversation in the next room through the air conditioning vents in the wall. We did not interact with the hotel staff on many occasions but when we did they were pleasant and helpful. The location of the hotel is fantastic. We arrived into San Fran via the BART, from the airport, which stops at Powell Street, this stop is only a 5 minute walk from the hotel and was extremely easy and cheap to use. Next to the hotel there are many shops, a few hidden bars and restaurants. We purchased a 3 day passport for $18 each will allows you unlimited use of the cable cars, trolleys and buses, which is all you will need to get around San Fran to Fishermans Wharf, Golden Gate Bridge, China Town etc. If we returned to San Francisco then I would definately use this hotel again. We did go up the glass elevators in the new building to see the view, which was great as long as you are not scared of heights!	
Sep 2 2009 	Nice hotel close to everything	very nice comfortable stay, excellent gym facilities!	
Aug 31 2009 	Nice stay on Union Square	This is a great hotel with all the history and near union square. I took the BART from the airport in SF and got off on Powell and then about a 3 block walk to the hotel. Checkin was a breeze and the room was great. As with all expensive hotel they make it even more expensive with paying for internet ($14.95/nite) They have a great health club and this is another $12 per day. I went and had breakfast at sears down the street great pancakes in the am. Lots of shopping and nightlife here. Plus the cablecares go right by the front door.	
Aug 30 2009 	Very Tourist-oriented	Obviously, when staying in a hotel from a prominent US chain in a city with a strong tourism element, one should expect that you will have many people from all over staying at the hotel. This stay was above and beyond that -- the place was filled almost entirely by Japanese women with an average age of 65 years old. Again, I guess that is to be expected when one stays at a hotel in Union Square, but be prepared for it.The St. Francis is a San Francisco landmark that's been renovated on a few occasions. Unfortunately, the most recent renovation has apparently been some time in the past. Even the &quot;new&quot; section is old now. It's not a bad hotel by any means, but there are better options available for the price.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Location Okay hotel	We stayed at the Westin St Francis for 4 nights. We like to choose Starwood Hotels wherever possible and we enjoy the Westin hotels in particular. This hotel had all the amenities we need and are used to when we stay at a Westin, most importantly a very comfortable bed. I cannot comment on the restaurants as we ate off property every night. So many great restaurants in San Fran. We did have drinks in the Clock Bar, and they were excellent. Westin's are not Starwoods highest end property or not even close to their most expensive, so if you want true luxury this is probably not the hotel for you. The locations is its best feature and the main reason we chose it. Union Square and a Cable Car stop at its doorstep and many, many good restaurants within walking distance.We had booked one of the cheapest rooms because we knew we would not be in it much. I prefer some old world charm and character so I wanted to be in the original tower. I know I booked the cheapest room, but this room was so small it was almost insulting the hotel would put guests in it. I did not expect a view being that I paid a fairly cheap rate so looking out to a brick wall did not surprise me. The room was newly renovated and the ac worked well so we stuck with it, but no way should they be selling this small room especially to preferred guests. At the end of the day, we only really slept in the room so it was alright. The only other complaint I had is with service from some of the staff in the hotel. I know that it is a huge and busy hotel and personnal service is next to impossible. I do, however expect to always be met with a smile and couteous service. Staff in restuarants and bars were very good, but the front desk people looked and acted like they didn't want to be there, not good when you are the first people greeting new guests to your hotel. Overall, the experience was fine. I would probably stay there again, if I got a good rate but next time I would most likely pay more and get a better room.	
Aug 27 2009 	Way way overrated!	I booked a room at the Weston largely because of largely favorable reviews at this site. We met friends who also booked a room. How disappointing was our stay (not even considering the outrageous $56/day parking fee.) It is important to understand that the complex consists of two vastly different hotels--the old St Francis and the newer 1970's(?)-vintage Tower. We admittedly got the most inexpensive room, and was assigned into the old building. The room was clean, but the smallest and most depressing we've ever stayed in. The sound proofing between rooms is not that good. After a night, management did change us into a slightly larger room with a view of Union Sq but the airconditioning did not work. Our friends also had problems with a bad mattress and noisy airconditioning system that could not be repaired. After much complaining, we were moved after another night into the much nicer Tower building to one of their more expensive rooms with a view. Their more expensive rooms are slightly-above-average rooms compared to most other hotels we've stayed in. The bottom line is that if you like the charm of older hotels, you may really like this hotel; but if you are used to more modern, contemporary hotels, you will be disappointed. By the way, the Union Square location of the hotel is superb and the food in lobby and Oak Room is good.	
Aug 24 2009 	Not as good as i hoped	Hotel is situated right on union square and has a cable car stop right outside but the trolley is nearly always full by the time it reaches this stop ( trolley driver told me it is called fantasy island as you don't stand too much chance of boarding there). Unlike other reviews both the wife and i found the beds very uncomfortable and didn't sleep very well in them. Room was in the new section and even though we were quite high up the street noise was quite loud though this could be that i live in the country and not used to city noises.	
Aug 21 2009 	Make sure you have some one Dollar bills ready if you need to talk to people.	The hotel is ideally positioned in the heart of Sanfrancisco. The finish is a very high standard and the beds are very comfortable.	
Aug 20 2009 	Super relaxing stay	Went with friends to see a show and do some shopping and stayed at the St Francis. I remembered it from my childhood as being smokey and old... Not so anymore! It has a sort of &quot;Hollywood&quot; look inside now and is very well maintained. All the amenities in the bathroom, including an iron, made for a comfortable stay. The bed was comfortable- though the sheets were too short so you could feel the matress at the foot (ick), and the blinds made the room completely dark so I slept in much later than I ever would at home!The concierge was very helpful, we got extra towels promptly when they were requested.... Overall a very good stay and I would definitely return!	
Aug 19 2009 	Just OK	Our stay at The Westin St. Francis was definately not as nice as we thought it would be. The hotel is very nice and clean, and we got a handicapped room so we had a nice big room/bathroom. The hotel also has a great location. One of our many issues was with the view. Instead of getting a lovely view of Union Square like we hoped, we got a view of a brick wall. Another problem we had was the air. According to the guide on the TV, The Westin St. Francis does something to the air in the rooms to help you relax more. But all it really did was cause us stress. The air was so dry that i woke up in the middle of the night every single night we stayed there with a sore throat and a stuffy nose. I know it was the air because it went away as soon as we left the hotel. Definately not the kind of thing you want on vacation. Also, they nickel and dime you for everything. The room had a fridge filled with snacks and drinks that you could pay for. However, they have sensors in the fridge so even if you move something they charge you. We moved a couple things to make room for our own drinks so we could keep them cold. And we were charged for everything we moved. Another odd thing about the hotel was that they didn't have a pool. Our family was looking forward to relaxing in the pool after a long day of sightseeing in San Fran only to find out that there was no pool. You would think that a famous, fancy resort like that would have a pool. Overall, I don't think it was worth the money and I would probably not stay here again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Nice but I have a Security Concern	Just the luck of the draw....got a nice room in the old section with a view of Union Square. As others mentioned, everything very clean. What I haven't seen mentioned is the major security flaw the hotel has that had me concerned. There is a back elevator that goes directly from the guest floors to the street. It literally open up in a small vestibule that is right off of the sidewalk. A sign says the vestibule door is locked after 9 pm but we found that not to be true. Regardless, in this day and age, it seems really foolish to have an elevator that goes to the street that does not require any type of key or key card to get up to the guest floors. Anyone can just walk in, ride the elevator up and wander around. The hotel is in a busy urban area where there are the typical urban crime problems (not the hotel's fault), but given this you would think they would take more precautions. During our time there, a hotel guest was mugged and injured just a block from the hotel at the early hour of 10 pm.	
Aug 15 2009 	Grand old hotel	I really enjoyed my 5 night stay at the Westin St. Francis. I was given room 465, which is in the old tower, but in a quiet wing off the street. Of course there was no view and I could here some street noise. I have read reviews complaining of noise, but I am not sure how that is to be avoided if you want to stay right in the heart of one of the busiest areas in the city.My standard room was big enough, but as in many old hotels, the odd configuration made the room feel a bit more cramped than it actually was.As part of my business conference we had a reception on the top floor (32nd I think) of the new tower. The views were spectacular, so if you don't mind paying extra for a view you can really get a great one with a room on a high floor.There was a coffee maker in the room, with Starbucks coffee.If you are cheap like me walk away from Union Square to find more affordbable restaurants.Cafe La Taza (not sure of the spelling) has decent breakfast. It is on Post Street directly across from the St Francis. I also found Cafe Encore a little further down from La Taza, whcih had a bagel, egg, cheese and bacon sandwich for under $ 5.00. The Encore is mainly bagels and muffins, not a place for a full breakfast.There were any number of restaurants around Geary, Mason, Taylor and O'farrell, most with menus posted. There was even a Jack in the box at Mason and O'Farrell.If you are looking for a late night drink in the area try the Gold Dust Lounge, just down Powell 1/2 block from the St Francis. Drinks are reasonably priced and they have a band and no cover charge.Biscuits and Blues is a club on Mason, just a block from the St. Francis. They have some fairly big name entertainment come thru. The cover was $20.00 most nights.I bought a MUNI pass and got around mainly by bus and street car. The cable car runs right past the hotel, but it is so crowded it is not always easy to get on. You can take the F line streetcar from Market Street direct to Fisherman's Wharf, or you can catch a bus on Stockton north of Sutter about 2 blocks from the hotel. Busses will take you thru Chinat town to near Fisherman's Wharf.There are also some great art galleries on Geary and O'Farrell around the hotel. They are definitely worth a look.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great Hotel	I will keep it short. I have stayed at the St Francis hotel twice. The last stay, I was in the new tower, and the room was beautiful. The staff is friendly and the rates were good. The first stay, I stayed in the original building (built in 1902). I was amazed at the room. It had an &quot;antique&quot; feel. I felt like I was staying in San Francisco during the &quot;roaring 20s&quot;. The room made me excited to be in San Francisco. It was nostalgic, but still beautiful and quiet. I had great stays both times. I highly recommend.	
Aug 13 2009 	Nice Hotel and Location	Spent a weeks at the St Francis early August and had no problems. We where in the basic rooms in the old part of the hotel with no views but the facilities where to a high enough standard and the room had been refurbished as its the old part of the complex. The beds where very comfy with lovely bedding and it was spotlessly clean all round. The room even afforded a large flat screen HD TV which was excellent. By USA standards the room may be considered small but we found it fine and would recommend staying here. Location is great and they always have a line of cabs outside the hotel if you cannot get on the trams (trams are extremely busy all day). You can walk right down Powell to Fishermans Wharf in 30-45 mins from the St Francis though its part up hill. Cab for that trip is around $10. You are bang in the centre of town here with everything to hand and though many tourists are in this area its mixed with city types and shoppers. The St Francis has a nice public bar 'The Clock Bar' which keeps busy with visitors and locals alike. Overall we found it a very decent place to stay so if the price is right my opinion is most people would be pretty pleased to have chosen and spent time at this hotel.	
Aug 12 2009 	Glad we paid the lesser rate..	I managed to get a very good deal on the room rate and we were very pleased when we saw the hotel and the location. The location is second to none and the city is fantastic but I was a little underwhelmed by the room. Although clean and grand the room we were put in (we mentioned it was our honeymoon and were told we would be getting a good room) was 'practical'. Enough room for a bed, desk and bathroom but not much else.Overall I would say the Westin provided what we were looking for on our four night stay - we didn't spend much time in the room but if we had paid the rates I have seen advertised elsewhere I would have been very unhappy!I'm going to say I would recommend this hotel but only if you can get it at the right price.	
Aug 5 2009 	Disappointing. Great reputation High rates	We planned 4 days in San Francisco at the Westin St. Francis, but could only stay for the last 2 days because they were booked. We found the hotel pleasant but far from the anticipated elegance. It is a very old hotel living on it’s past reputation. The rooms are OK but no dresser and no views but the public areas are very elegant. You will know if someone occupies adjacent rooms or flushes their toilet, and we heard the cable cars passing in front. The cable cars run in front of the hotel but other transportation is less convenient a few blocks away. The staff is very efficient and helpful We spent the first two days at the Parc 55 hotel which far exceeded our expectations and we found the Westin St. Francis far less comfortable and elegant. The Parc 55 hotel with 1010 rooms has been renovated to a very modern theme (not my style) though, peculiarly, did not have a dresser. Our 23rd floor room was large and comfortable with breathtaking view of downtown and the bay. The location is a very short walk to the F line street cars that can take you to the ferries and Fishermen’s Wharf along Embarcadero for only 2 dollars (75 cents for seniors). Nearby are numerous restaurants for a fast breakfast at moderate prices. We’re sorry that we couldn’t stay for the full 4 days but we had already prepaid the Westin St. Francis, which turned out to be less than the elegant hotel we expected.If you are going to visit San Francisco, you should check the rates at Parc 55; you may be pleasantly surprised that this conveniently located, upscale hotel is offering very low promotional rates.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location....Would stay again in a heartbeat!	Okay, this is the deal. I check trip advisor for all of my hotel information....I'm kind of a freak when it comes to hotel rooms and really want something nice, especially when we don't vacation as much as we'd like too..... I read all of the reviews about the St Francis and was a bit worried to book a room there. I finally decided to go for it, knowing that the location can't be beat, and what the heck, we'd be running around most of the time anyway......I decided to book two connecting rooms with spg points. When you book with points they cannot &quot;guarantee&quot; connecting rooms - it depends on availability at check in. So, I called the hotel twice the week before we checked in to check on availability of rooms, I really wanted an upgraded room being an spg gold member. They said the availability looked good for an upgrade on our check in date on sunday. I was a bit worried so, I called the St. Regis and knew they could take us if push came to shove......and, their rooms are a larger scale and could accomodate 4 of us in on room.We got to the hotel and guess what? yep, big 'ol convention was going to check in on Monday. So, the gal at the desk worked for about 15 minutes to find me two connecting rooms in the tower. She found two on the 24th floor, but said that since there was a convention the next day, I would have to move to a lower floor - because these rooms were an &quot;upgrade&quot; and my reservation was for &quot;traditional&quot; rooms. I was really bummed and told her that I had called to check availablity etc, etc.... So, we took the rooms and the bellboy said that we should tell them to stuff it and stay in the room no matter what. We got to our rooms 2490/2491 and they were huge corner rooms connecting with incredible views. We couldn't believe we would have to move to the 10th floor! Bottom line, I called in the morning, asked to talk with the manager and we stayed in our rooms.Okay for the real picky people who only want &quot;brand new&quot; the room might bug you a bit, some of the furniture and some wear, but I really felt that the size of the room and view were just too good to pass up. The bathrooms are a great size and the beds were really comfy. The kids LOVE the outside elevator.You can walk to China Town and Little Italy. Grab a cable car right in front of the Hotel (don't wait at the bottom of Powell St w/the crowds!) Shop til you drop. Grab breakfast /coffee close by and park at the union square lot to save a few $$. All in all, even with the room hassle, I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 5 2009	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Westin St. Francis for three nights. The location on Union Square is perfect. The hotel is gorgeous. Our room was located in the newer Tower section. It was very large and the beds were so comfortable! The bathroom was large with luxurious shower products provided. We ordered room service for breakfast one morning, and it arrived quickly and was delicious. Our room had a coffee maker with Starbucks coffee. There was a large screen plasma TV, large closet with plenty of hangers, and plenty of drawer space. The concierge was as nice as can be, and he was very helpful. In the morning there was always a very long line for the concierge, but the excellent service made the wait worthwhile. All of the staff were friendly and efficient. There are many great restaurants in walking distance, as well as amazing shopping.	
Aug 5 2009 	Magnificent stay	When I arrived, late on a Saturday night, I was told the hotel had been oversold and there were no rooms available. What happened next however was an absolute lesson in customer relations. They kindly offered to refund my fee for the first of my three nights, then put me up for free in a Club Room in their sister hotel (across the street) the Handlery Union Square. Then, when we returned the next morning, our room in the Westin was upgraded for free to one of the Starwood Preferred Guest level rooms. Further, we were given vouchers for free breakfast and, later in the evening, a goody bag arrived to our room full of snacks and a hand-written card of apology for the inconvenience. It is inevitable that establishments will make mistakes from time to time, but when they react in such an exemplary manner, it is very easy to forgive!The room we stayed in was magnificent - on the 28th floor. We had great views of SF, and the room was full of the amenities you would expect of this level of hotel - king bed, chaise lounge, flat screen tv etc.The location cannot be beaten in San Francisco - it is literally just minutes to Saks, Tiffanys and Macys. All throughout our stay, the staff were very efficient, very courteous and very friendly. When I return to San Francisco, I will definitely choose to stay in the Westin again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Bad experience but I still love this place	What is it with the St. Francis? The best location in town (on Union Square) and a history of style and grace... but they really flop sometimes. Reserved 4 months in advance and didn't get the room I requested, even though I paid a pretty penny. I like the historic part of the hotel with Union Square views, but ended up with a closet with a window. Surly staff, which is unusual. Also has the slowest &quot;broadband&quot; Internet, at a fee of $15/day. Somewhat of a disappointment, but where else would I stay?	
Aug 4 2009 	The Westin St. Francis	This was a nice hotel with a great location. We got a great deal on the rooms through priceline. Parking is ridiculious, my sister paid $50/ day to park at the hotel. The rooms are a little noisy depending on what side of the hotel you are on. My room was on an inside wall of the hotel so I didn't have any trouble with outside noise, but my parents had a street facing room that was pretty noisy. We could here our neighbors in both rooms. The rooms are on the smaller side, but comfortable. They have a gym, but you have to pay to use it. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Aug 3 2009 	Very Nice Great Views.	We enjoyed our four-night stay here in late July. We had a &quot;Grand View&quot; room on the 25th floor in the tower, with a great view stretching from the Golden Gate Bridge on one side (when visible) to Coit Tower and some of the bay. The room was spacious for a city hotel, and nicely done, with a large, attractive bath. (This is clearly a hotel where booking a better room category makes a big difference in your experience.) Views from the Tower elevators were equally impressive, although in a different direction, and made each elevator ride a real treat. The lobby of the tower building was very elegant and attractive, while the lobby of the main hotel maintained a nice mix of the historic architecture and modern decor.  We took advantage of the mid-week special dinner menu for St. Francis guests at Michael Mina, which was wonderful, and a fraction of the cost of the more extensive normal menu. The breakfast buffet at the Oak Room was very good, with lots of fresh fruit and excellent pastries (great chocolate croissants and banana nut muffins) as well as the usual hot items. (Although not listed on the menu, the cold buffet is available for less than the full buffet.) Some mornings we just picked up good pastries and coffee from the small bar in the lobby of the tower building, with plenty of spacious seating.  The spa is convenient, and I was able to make bookings on less than a day's notice. The services and locker room/facilities were fine, but this is clearly a convenience offering, not a &quot;destination spa.&quot;  While this is a huge, busy hotel (often with lines for the concierge), our floor and rooms were very peaceful and quiet, and the hotel has both history and personality. Go speak to the delightful gentleman who runs a shoe-shining service near the Oak Room - he will surely put a smile on your face, and may even sing you a song!	
Jul 27 2009 	Nice upscale/luxury hotel right on Union Square	The St. Francis is a very nice, historic property located right on Union Square, the bustling (and touristy) shopping district of San Francisco. If proximity to Union Square is your priority, you can't beat this hotel...though they certainly make you pay!!	
Jul 27 2009 	Beautiful 	I was running the SF half marathon and decided to stay in a hotel to be able to sleep in instead of waking up to do the drive from San Jose. I'd originally booked the Harbor Court but my cousin decided she wanted to run with me and my sister wanted to come for a fun night in the city so the one bed situation there didn't work out for us. This was one of the more affordable places to get a room with two beds on race weekend. We checked in at about 5pm on Saturday and were even offered an upgrade! The clerk was extremely friendly and said &quot;I know you booked a 2 double room but I have a larger room overlooking union square available, though it only has a king bed, but room for a rollaway!&quot; I didn't want to make my cousin sleep on a rollaway the night before the run so I decline but it was so nice that she offered! Our room was really nice and modern, everything was extremely clean as well. The beds were ridiculously comfortable and the shower with the two shower heads was awesome. I thought the room was HUGE for being in the city. I may be used to smaller rooms because I usually stay at older historic hotels but I'd say this was comparable to a standard mgm property room in Vegas. The room had 2 double beds, a desk with a chair, a comfy chair &amp; a dresser with a flat panel tv and still a good amount of open space.  My only complaint is that parking was $50 a night, but it is always pretty pricey to park in SF so whatever. We only stayed one night and we're pretty easy so our interaction with the staff other than check-in was minimal but the room and hotel worked out perfectly for what we needed it for. I must comment that yes, you can hear sirens going down Powell but it wasn't loud enough to wake any of us, we just heard them while we were awake.	
Jul 26 2009 	Beautiful hotel	This is a really beautiful hotel. The rooms were small and I was not able to be upgraded (SPG GOLD PREFERRED) because the desk clerk said that they were sold out. My husband did not like the room. He felt that it was small and the bathroom was really small. We might have stayed in the older [part of the ghotel..I amnot sure. The lobby was beautiful and the location can not be beeat. I would stay there again but my husband did not think it would be worth a return trip to this hotel. The bed was really heavenly and the sheets were so soft. I slept just great. BTW, my husband also liked the bed and the sheets.	
Jul 23 2009 	Be careful of noisy rooms	Stayed here for 5 nights - allocated the room no one wants on floor 11 near lifts. Requested to be moved - they would not change floors and offered room ( last one available per desk ) on same floor near stairs.I found this hotel to be the most noisiest hotel at night that I have ever stayed in. I stayed in the new building but the noise from room doors closing and volume of people moved around this hotel.Lots of conventions and mathaton runners here and foyer packed every day to the rafters.On a good note the location is excellent - but ask for a room on the 20th floor or above.But the noise levels especially with children was just too much to take,	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Great Great	Beautiful Hotel in a great location. Staff very helpful and always ready to help. Rooms very comfortable and very clean. Bathrooms small but servicable. Ask for a room away from the elevators. We got one next to the elevator and asked to be moved which they did straight away. The staff were very friendly and nothing seemed to be too hard for them. The Hotel is in a great position close to all sights and action. The Restaurant and bar was always busy and full. A little on the expensive side but there were plenty of eateries around the Hotel that were good prices and good food. We would stay there if we were to return to San Francisco in the future. The only complaint I have is that they charged $15 per day for Internet connection. This is a bit rich as a Hotel of this standard could supply it free to guests. We atsyed in quite a few 5 star Hoels as good as this and the Inernet was free to all guests.	
Jul 22 2009 	The location is the only advantage of this place	My husband and I stayed at the St. Francis for 5 nights in June. We had 3 rooms booked as my in-laws and sister-in-law were also traveling with us. I'll begin with the pros: Glass elevators are fast and fun!; French toast in the morning is amazing; the hotel is located in the middle of some of the best shops; The stately lobby has a nice bar/coffee area and looks. That's about it for the advantages of this place.Cons: 1. We arrived earlier than the rest of our family and were told that we wouldn't be able to check in (despite having our confirmation info printed off) due to an original voucher that was needed. To be fair, we booked through Amex travel services but we definitely felt hassled as we were told that we had to hand over our credit card info and then find a certain lady at a certain time to present the vouchers. This was completely annoying as we had our IDs, a printed copy of the voucher and were still threatened that we would have to pay ON TOP of our pre-paid rooms if the original voucher wasn't presented at a certain time. We called our Amex travel agent and she stepped in and told the hotel to back off, that we had paid, etc. Fortunately, the family member carrying our vouchers arrived about 4 hours later after airport delays and didn't need to present the voucher. 2. Housekeeping staff were very friendly but completely overlooked some serious issues in our room. I'm not sure what the guest capacity was at the time we stayed. We had a king suite and the bed was cozy, the tv was fine, the desk had stains all over it, carpet had nasty stains, the tub wasn't cleaned and the nastiest part was that on our chaise lounge, there were DISGUSTING and extremely visible stains left over from somebody's romantic night. Use your imagination on that one. I took pictures of all things mentioned above, but then decided it would be polite not to post them.Also, our windows had a nasty grime on them and wallpaper was peeling. I called and told management about our issues and no room change was offered, nor were any comps which my friends who manage high-end hotels say are common due to the issues we experienced. So instead, housekeeping is later sent. Fine. Again, the housekeeping staff were as cordial as one could hope for. They removed the gross chaise and brought a chair to fill the space. Then they tried to get some of the stains off the carpet, but we were told they would have to come back and do a full carpet cleaning and we would need to stay out of the room for a few hours due to the chemicals and smells. We declined as I am honestly not too picky, but the chaise was unacceptable and sent me over the edge. 3. Taxi service was extremely inefficient. We had reservations for a dinner we were hosting and left ample time to get a cab. There was a line about 14 people deep and we were told to take a train after waiting for about 30 minutes. The lobby people kept telling us to wait outside and one would be hailed and seemed adamant that we should not call a car service or try to call a cab on the phone. Weird and completely inefficient. Other guests were beyond irritated, dressed to the nines and some ladies decided to walk several blocks in major heels since we all were getting nowhere with the cab service. They need more people to hail them. 4. Noise- We were on a high floor, but still heard horns, music, etc until the early hours. This didn't bother us too much, but for people on business or with kids, this could be an issue.5. It seemed as if staff felt entitled to a tip, even for substandard service. 6. My sister-in-law was originally booked in the historic part of the hotel but had her room changed after the faucet fell off in her bathroom and the bed was too short for her boyfriend. Also, apparently had an unpleasant smell.To sum this up, the hotel is taking on too many guests/events which yields to subpar service and accomodations. It's a shame though, because it has the potential to be so much more.	
Jul 21 2009 	At treat!	Really enjoyed our stay in San Francisco again! The Westin is in a great location - close to everything we wanted to do. Hotels are pricey in the area but the Westin worked hard (and succeeded) to match value to their price. We found our hotel room an oasis from the city life when we needed it. Staff were very friendly and put us into a great corner room. The fitness area was awesome and helped us relax after a long day at our conference. We will definitely choose to stay at this hotel again!	
Jul 20 2009 	Charming Hotel Great Value	Staying at the Westin St Francis after a motorcycle road trip was definitely a treat for me. The location cannot be beat, it is smack dab in the middle of Union Square and all the touristy fun. Its a quick cab ride to Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf. The Hotel was absolutely charming. I loved the old San Fran feel and the classic photos on the wall remind you that the hotel is part of San Francisco history. The Westin's &quot;Heavenly&quot; treatment was great. Rooms were comfortable, loved the double head shower. I was able to reserve a room over the internet at $115 and I must say, it almost felt like a steal for this hotel. My only regret is that I didn't get to stay longer than one night.	
Jul 19 2009 	a great last minute choice	After arriving at another hotel where we had reservations, we realized we made a bad choice. We saw this Westin on our way there, and called them to book a room. I am a starwood preferred guest member (free membership), and they found a room for us. It was a beautiful, clean, and well-located hotel. Union Square had plenty of nice restaurants and shops and you could easily get a cab or a trolley to other parts of the city. I found the concierge and reservations desk to be very helpful. The rooms were spacious and clean. I have not always stayed at Westin in the past, but I will look for these hotels in the future.	
Jul 15 2009 	Perfect Location Very Nice Hotel	We stayed here on 2 separate occasions on a trip to the Bay Area several weeks ago. The first 3-night stay we stayed in the new tower and the second 3-nights were spent in the old tower. Rooms have been renovated in both towers, personally I liked the 'old' rooms better as they were more classic San Francisco, more character, while still having been updated.I don't think anyone could say something negative about the hotel's central location. Literally the only hotel located on Union Square, everything is right outside. As a San Francisco local, and someone who is very familiar with SF hotels, I knew this was a good choice and we got a great deal. We had stayed at Le Meridien SF in the past, which is a great hotel, although the location isn't quite as central. This hotel offers everything from Starbucks in the lobby to resturants, bars, a full spa, etc. My husband worked out several times and the workout room was fine. We both got massages which were fine, but not anything extraordinary. The lights were only slightly dimmed which I don't prefer - not that I want it pitch-black, but more dimmed would have been better. They have a nice changing area with all the essentials, plus showers and a steam room.The first room we stayed in, in the new tower, was a classic, nice room. Nothing particularly noteworthy and no unique decor or style, but had everything you need and was definitely well-done. Only one sink which I wan't terribly thrilled with, but there was a large counter.The old tower had a lot more personality and felt more like old SF. The room was large and the TV was at a weird angle on the side table though. The bathroom was smaller than the 'new' room.One complaint, we had the 'do not disturb' sign on the door and were actually sleeping in on the day of our anniversary. They kept knocking and knocking despite the sign. They were delivering Champagne a friend had called to order for us and yes, it was 10am, but being woken up for it wasn't the most pleasant thing.Oh and parking is ridiculously expensive. We left our car for 2.5 hrs and paid $30!Overall, we had a very nice stay and b/c of the location we would definitely stay again, but it would really depend on getting a good deal. I think there are hotel rooms in the city that are a bit more stylish but I definitely am not complaining with what we got. Just a bit more basic, style-wise.	
Jul 14 2009 	Comfortable - a bit dated and overpriced	My husband and I got married in San Francisco and we chose this hotel to stay in. We didn't have a huge choice of hotels with our holiday company and we couldn't afford the Ritz so we opted for the next best thing. The hotel itself looked grand and the lobby was absolutely lovely. For these dates we stayed ina traditional room and was a bit taken back when we saw the room. It was very small - could bearly swing a cat in it and it was very dated. We wanted a room in the refurbed area but none was available.The bathroom was absolutely tiny. Luckily, on my wedding day, I went over to my parents hotel room to get ready at the Marriott which was really spacious, stunning and also in a convinient location - cost them a lot less too.So - overall, very disappointed. Was overpriced, felt a bit ripped off. But one thing I cannot fault is the incredible location being right on Union Square. We paid for the reputation more than anything - I rather have had a nicer more pleasant room.	
Jul 13 2009 	Got stuck in the old part of the hotel...	This was our first time in SF and we were looking for a place with a central location. For this reason, the Westin St Francis is great! We hopped off the Bart at Powell St Station and walked about 2 blocks north (&amp; uphill) to our hotel. I was warned that because we booked our stay through priceline, that they would stick us in the old part of the hotel...sure enough they did! I felt guilty for getting a good rate, so I didn't complain, but don't accept a room in the old part of the hotel if you paid full price! The walls were paper thin, so much so, that a closing closet door would cause our neighboring sleepyheads to yell at us. The room was tiny, barely enough room to get around the bed, and the window faced a wall. Also, there's a street performer playing the drums on the corner at night...a full set of drums too, not a singular rinky dink bucket or anything. But I think he quits around 9 or 10 pm. I have no complaints otherwise, I love the Heavely bed, the employees were courteous, the room was clean, and it was a great location.	
Jul 11 2009 	Noisiest elevators on the planet	The Westin is gorgeous and pricey, conveniently located on Union Square. Like most hotels in downtown San Francisco, they charge exorbitant parking fees--as well as extra charges for use of the exercise room and the Internet. With the cost of the room, you would think they could throw in free Internet--most Best Westerns do! I want to alert anyone making reservations that if you are staying in the &quot;new tower&quot; area, you MUST request to be as far away from the elevators as possible. When we got into our room, which was adjacent to the bank of 5 high-speed elevators, it only took a minute to realize a jet plane was not landing next door; it was the elevator. We immediately asked for a different room--well, actually, all my husband had to do was call the desk, say, &quot;We are in a room next to the elevators and...&quot; and before he could finish the sentence they were finding us a different room. Unfortunately we were bumped from a spacious king room to a smaller one with queen beds (all that was left, they said). This was on a different floor, down the hall, and around the corner, yet in the bathroom you could still hear the elevators! I would not stay here again. I would try somewhere else.	
Jul 8 2009 	Left a lot to be desired	First of all, the location of the hotel cannot be beat. It is literally across the street from Union Square and central to just about everything. That's the main reason I would ever recommend the hotel. That being said, the hotel itself left a lot to be desired. They try to nickel-and-dime you on every little thing, from food prices to internet to the gym. For what they charge for a room, you'd think they could at least have free WiFi in the lobby or free access to the gym. Plus, the breakfast buffet is $24.95/person for what is essentially cereal, fruit, and soggy eggs that I can get anywhere for less. We ate breakfast instead at the Honey Honey Cafe two blocks away - amazing food at half the price. Next up, they screwed up my friend's reservation and then were very rude to her when she tried to argue it. They only apologized when she grabbed her laptop and showed them the confirmation email. The cleaning staff was much nicer - always a big smile and &quot;Good morning! How's the room? Anything I can do for you?&quot;. The room itself was fine as well - fairly standard hotel room. If you have an option, look elsewhere. If you absolutely have to be on Union Square, at least try to save money by looking on Expedia or something. This place is not worth the full price.	
Jul 7 2009 	What a place!	I loved it, the history, the ambience, its central location, the staff that couldn't do enough for you. Beware though if you're tempted by the tasty morsels in the room fridge, the prices can be steep, although they do leave a chart explaining the prices. I loved The Business Center too and Rob is so helpful. You can also visit the little mall they have there and even check in for your flight in the lobby.	
Jul 7 2009 	Fantastic hotel in great location	This was a lovely, charming hotel. The room was very spacious and comfortable. Excellent location in Union Square, easy to get around on local transport. If going to Alcatraz - book before you go - very busy!! We took a Movie Tour which was really good fun too. Lots of good shopping for the ladies! Sit in Union Square with a coffee and take in the local life. Don't miss the trolly buses - excellent fun. Fishermans Wharf is worth a visit too.	
Jul 6 2009 	Beauty AND Location	My husband and I enjoyed our beautiful, comfortable room, the view from our 30th floor window and the exceptional location. We were but a &quot;hop-skip &amp; jump&quot; from everything we wanted to explore in the the bay area. Customer service from the staff was superb!	
Jul 5 2009 	Great location!	As first time visitors to San Francisco we chose the St. Francis due to it's location. We were not disappointed. Cable cars, buses, taxis and trains are all available right outside the hotel. If its shopping you're interested in Macy's, Nordstroms, Saks, and other large stores are just a short walk away. Our room was on the 19th floor in the new tower and had great views of the city. From the doorman to housecleaning everyone was extremely helpful and couldn't do enough for us. We even got an extra mini fridge put into our room for food and drinks. Yes, the hotel is very busy but you're a cable car ride away from Fisherman's Wharf and within walking distance to Chinatown. I would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 29 2009 	Nice stay in unbeatable location	This is the perfect place to base your trip to San Francisco. The Hotel is literally in the middle of it all and is incredibly easy to find from either car or public transport. This is an historic gem of a Hotel. We stayed on the twelth floor of the old tower, which according to my research was built in 1908. Yes it is old, but well kept and in excellent condition. I appreciate the 'old' smell. The Hotel staff seemed nice enough although we had no interactions with them except for at check in and check out. Pros: Historic PropertyProximity of cable cars/BART/ F LineAt the center of it all feelingQuick walking distance to shopping and restaurantsCons:None!Would definitely stay here again as there are always cheap deals to be found online.	
Jun 28 2009 	Very average	Stayed for 4 days for a conference. Room was OK, lacking any individuality or attention to detail. Not particularly well kept but clean, however. Great bed. Everything else was not worth the vastly exaggerated pricing. Concierge was the only positive staff experience, all other staff did not really care about the customer or the hotel. No free wifi (not even in the lobby, I was told to go outside to check my mail because Union square has free wifi coverage!) Overall the hotel was not &quot;old and classy&quot;, it was only &quot;old&quot; . However, you cannot beat the Union-square location in San Francisco, outstanding city!!!	
Jun 27 2009 	Terrible service	My 3rd stay at the St Francis and each about a week long. Previous 2 trips was fuss free as I had minimal contact with the front desk. During this latest trip, it really showed the inefficiency and incompetence of several (not all) of the front desk officers. The best example being for some reason, my room key was disabled. About 3 reps were busy and there was a line of about 8-10 waiting to check-in/out with their bags in line (in the first place I can't understand why they couldn't have opened more counters). Anyway, I approached a lady who wasn't attending to anyone, she had just came out from the back office and I asked if she could just help me reset my key. And not unexpectedly it was a rude &quot;its not my shift now&quot;.We will no longer stay at the St Francis anymore, despite the location. We will probably stay at the Westin Market Street from now.Just to add, the old building is not in very good state.	
Jun 26 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Great Location and Views	I stayed at the Westin St. Francis for a few days on business and was very impressed with the hotel. Parking is a breeze and you don't have to deal with trying to get out on the busy street as the hotel has a drive to pull into for the valet to take your car. As an SPG Gold member, my room was upgraded to a higher floor with sweeping views of the city. SUnset was spectacular. The hotel lobby is classy and well decorated. The Starbucks is great to have inside the hotel. My room was recently updated and was a great place to come back to after a day of meetings. I saw couples, families, and biz travelers all enjoying the hotel. The St. Francis is also located steps from many restaurants, shopping, and Union Square (I love the park). I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Location! Busy Hotel.	LOCATION: Perfectly located in Union Square! Steps from shopping and restaurants. On the main cable car route. About 3 blocks from a metro stop.ROOM: Got the SPG Gold upgrade to a larger room with a view of Union Square. Awesome! Room was comfortable and good bedding. An old hotel, but kept up very well. Keeps its character.STAFF: Very helpful even with the several guests at this huge hotel.HOTEL: Historic character is unique and felt great. Some hotels sell its age as historic. This hotels really has a great historic feeling character that is kept up well.CITY: The city has a lot to offer. This one night stayover allowed us to enjoy the local area around Union Square. So the location was key.	
Jun 21 2009 	Lovely old hotel	My husband and I just got back from our stay at this hotel, which was the last night of our 10 day trip down the Oregon coast and then to Yosemite. We've been to SF several times but never spent the money for this classic hotel before. Since it had been a great vacation, we went ahead and &quot;prepaid&quot; for the St. Francis.Let me say, the lobby is classic and you feel like you've stepped back to 1920. Everyone was very friendly. Our room was on the 5th floor of the old section (which we'd requested) and right in front overlooking Union Square. It was very large, with a large sitting area and king bed, then a separate hall to the closet and bath. The lighting fixtures were beautiful and there are 12 foot ceilings. Everything was fresh and clean. The hallways were wide and clean, and bright, and we never saw another guest.The bath was long, with plenty of room. The towels and linens were the usual excellent Westin quality. The heavenly bed was great! The room definitely had character!Since it was June, the windows were open. That was the only problem. We heard lots of noise from the streets and square below, which isn't too bad unless you're sleeping at 1:00 in the morning.The service was excellent and housekeeping was very accomadating. Yes, the mini bar is expensive. We took several items out and put in a few drinks we'd bought at the store and sure enough the cost of them showed up on our bill. I promptly called down and they removed them from the bill. Apparently, there are sensors on the stuff in the minibar.Parking is expensive anywhere in SF. Here it was $50 for the night, so if possible, don't drive... take public transportation. The location is wonderful from shopping and sightseeing, as it is in the middle of everything. We had breakfast at Sears... way overpriced compared to what it was a few years ago.In conclusion, for romance and atmosphere... you can't beat this hotel, if you can afford it. SF is not a cheap vacation anyway. We plan to come back next year on our annual trip to the West Coast.	
Jun 21 2009 	You're better off somewhere else...	The positives: We had a room on the 26th floor of the tower and had a fantastic view. The room was very spacious, pretty businesslike, but nice. The man who hailed us a cab near the valet parking was very nice and helpful. The not so good: I tried checking in, as my boyfriend waited with the luggage, and they told me that I could not do that, he had to. They said he had already prepaid, although it was noted that we were paying with a gift card. When he originally booked the hotel, he told them that he would be paying with a gift card, then when we checked in, he told them the same. So of course, when we checked out they said that we couldn't use the gift card....after arguing a bit, the clerk let us use the gift card. (she was the same person that checked us in the day before.) This was kinda like the icing on the cake. The concierge told us the wrong bus number twice. The food seemed really expensive - like $16 for a salad from the deli counter. It's a nice business hotel but overall, just not worth the $$ for such impersonal service. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Location Location (at a price)	We found this hotel to be supurb for its location close to the Westfield shopping centre and Union Square. The room we had was on the old side and the view was a brick wall! There was an overall 'old' smell in the section but it gave an authentic air to the history and age of the building. The room was compact but the bed made up for that. It was the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in. We would have purchased all the linen if we had room in our luggage. The service was reasonable, particulary for assistance booking day tours etc. We only stayed two nights prior to boarding a cruise. The bathroom was also compact but appointed well with all that we required. Overall a worthwhile upgrade from the hotel in our package tour	
Jun 20 2009 	Tired outdated crowded and gilded to the hilt.	Tired, outdated, crowded, and gilded to the hilt, this hotel is great for grandparents. It is a bit of a labrynth in the lobby with the &quot;old and new&quot; sections - which dont integrate well. Service was spotty, the lobby carpet seemed dirty. It was like visiting an old aunt's house and the place seemed damp, run down, and shabby. There were several vacancies in the retail areas of the hotel. As a Starwood Platinum member, I've seen a lot of hotel properties, and trust me this one is NOT up to snuff. Spent a weekend in SF with my other half and my parents. We picked it due to location, bc my parents cannot walk too well. Location is good/cental, though very touristy, but we knew this going in. With the W and St. Regis closeby, those are much better hotel picks overall. This is clealry a hotel where people ask for room changes. When I was standing in line with the masses checking into the hotel, I literally overheard 3-4 people complaining about their rooms and asking for a new room. They did not like the location, floor, layout, etc. The service was marginal - I got some attitude at check-in and had to wait in a line 10-12 people deep. Is this Las Vegas? Hire more staff. It was busy all day. The guest agent at check in told me, they reportedly were at over 94% occupancy the weekend we went-- and was told that the &quot;locals just l-o-v-e coming here from the suburbs for the 'City' experience&quot;. Oh dear, cmon. Cleary these people do not travel much bc I would not return to this property. The charm has faded.The room itslef was just ok. Stayed in the Tower on the 2nd highest floor of the bldg, in an &quot;upgraded&quot; room. It was nothing special, but had a good view. They tried putting our 2 rooms in the old tower, no thank you. I do not need the street noise and more gilded everything. The carpet, drapes, and furnishings were old. The furniture is standard Westin-caliber, but older. The bathroom was marble, and ok. I was just not &quot;blown away&quot; by much of anything. The Heavenly beds, a Westin standard, are great.We valet parked the rental car- a bit chaotic back there. After driving passed the sidewalk filled with homeless people, you pull into a very tight area. They shuffle people/cars around like cattle - standing in different &quot;areas&quot;. It was $50/day to park, which is pricey, but typical. Dont expect the porter to come right over to the car. Prepare to wait and be greeted AFTER you pull your luggage out of the trunk. This happended a few times after coming back from Napa Valley daytrips. Literally, just prepare to stand around. The staff were unhelpful. I asked the concierge for a map of Napa Valley. How simple is this? Apparently, he was leaving his post (throne?), and this youngish gentleman rudely told me &quot;sir, you need to wait , I'm going on my break, its been very busy&quot;. Wow. At least the next guys was helpful. But for a Starwood Platinum member, I was pissed.The gym. They charge $15 for the Westin Workout facility. I am a Starwood Platinum and I dont pay this fee, but c'mon. So many properties dont charge this access fee -- you can tell the properties that are nickel and diming you -- the Westin St. Francis does this. Overall - take a pass. Trust me.	
Jun 17 2009 	Old fashioned class in a modern city	(1) Very accessible to public transportation - near a BART station if you're coming from the  airport; it's on the cable car route; easy to get a cab or bus from here(2) Very good location - right across Union Square, near tourist spots, shops &amp; restaurants(3) Hotel rooms are fairly quiet even if the hotel is centrally located(4) The hotel is old but doesn't make you feel that it's old because of the updated interiors and furniture(5) Courteous staff and good service(6) Available in room: Safe, hairdryer, iron &amp; board, coffeemaker, mini bar, internet (with  fee), pillow menu(7) Ride the glass elevator to see the view of the city	
Jun 17 2009 	Overpriced - but great location	Let's start with the positives: location is great...beside Union Square, art galleries, and cable cars. We especially enjoyed breakfasts at Lori's Diner in the next block. And we found the conscierges to be very helpful. But everything was extremely overpriced at the hotel. Parking for one night is over $60; the room refrigerator has drinks and snacks - about 5 times normal prices; and the Oak Room is beautiful but some of our meals were just OK - and again, very pricey (8-10 butternut squash ravioli cost $19). So...if you want a great location - and honestly, a great bed to sleep on...and you have lots and lots of money - then you may enjoy the Westin. Otherwise, we recommend that you look elsewhere.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great SPG Choice in Central Location	I had some reservations about this hotel from the other reviews, but after a four night stay I was very impressed. I was upgraded to a suite in the older section of the hotel, and the room was great with interesting features, a decent bathroom and two lcd tv's. The lobby of the hotel is truly unique and almost worth the stay itself. The staff and service were also great.I've stayed at the Westin Market Street before, and while it is also nice, the service and personality of the St. Francis definitely won me over.	
Jun 13 2009 	Perfect location for sightseeing	Only two blocks from the BART from the airport and cable car running just outside the front door. Perfect for sightseeing with everything convenient from restaurants, and shopping (Union Square across the street). Older established hotel offers perfect location. Only down side is older hotel has smaller rooms.	
Jun 13 2009 	Amazing	This was our first time at St Francis for our honeymoon.We were upgraded to the tower with amazing views over San Fran, Champagne and strawberries.Beautiful room, amazing service.	
Jun 11 2009 	Old but great service	- Walked over- Old hotel but good standards-old building is stinky-new one is niceexcellent views-some space issues- WRONG bills - overchargedAll messed up charges ....had to deal with hotel for months to get charges correctedSome staff were exceptionally nice and friendlyOverall, You CAN stay here!	
Jun 8 2009 	Indifferent hotel in down town SF	This hotel is a landmark yes, but the service and atmosphere is long outdated! The location is ok - situated in the down town commercial shopping area of SF...you know the kind of down town where you are not sure if you are in Chicago, NYC or LA because the shops are ALL the same. For real authentic SF go to Mission or one of the other more 'real' areas of the city. I was ok with this hotel because I stayed on points. If I had paid money I would have been very disappointed!	
Jun 8 2009 	Good centrally located hotel	This was a good stay, almost for a week. I think it was the best location in town with the hotel bang on Union Square. View from the tower wing was breathtaking. Highly Recommended !	
Jun 3 2009 	Great. Like really great.	This hotel is right in the heart of all the shopping. It is beautiful, historic, luxurious and right in the heart of the city. By luck, my husband and I landed a great deal through priceline.com. We paid $90/night for 4 nights. Placed into a queen size room in the front building, we found that the thin walls were a little much as we heard our neighbors on either end, hearing their conversations crystal clear as if they were talking to us from another room with the door open. No doubt they would've heard us just as loudly so we kept our voices down at night.After our neighbors had 2 early morning starts for day 1 &amp; 2 of our stay, where their basic conversations woke me up (I'm not a light sleeper and they woke me from deep sleep, no kidding about the walls being super thin in the historic section of the building) I rang down to reception and asked to be put into another room where it wasn't so crowded. We were generously upgraded to a king size bed in the tower building, which is new in comparison to the front of the hotel where we were originally placed. The only thing we heard at night was the heater with thermostat switching off and on. Other than the super thin walls in the historic portion of the hotel, we were very happy with the queen sized room and would have been just as happy simply being placed on a floor less packed. But being upgraded to the tower building and only spending $90 a night was remarkable value for money. I felt like we were back in Asia with those fantastic deals you get for a 4-5 star hotel for a steal. And the 'heavenly beds' really live up to the name (heavenly beds are in both historic and new sections of the hotel). If I didn't come to SF to do business and small shopping sprees, I would've spent a day of sleeping just to enjoy the 'heavenly bed'. Some of the staff were exceptional, then you get the occasional grumpy/minimal effort person who couldn't really be bothered and seemed in a hurry. Notable staff were a few of the guys on front desk, the filipino woman who greeted everyone and seemed to make sure the lobby was running smoothly) and the concierge.If we return to SF, I would pay the full price for a room here. But then again, I may plug in another priceline offer and get lucky again!	
May 31 2009 	I love this place	We have stayed here a few times over the last few years. We always enjoy our stay here. When we checked in for this visit, the desk person gave us a free upgrade to a larger room with a view. The room was big, well supplied (glasses, coffee, robes, etc) and quiet. Every staff person I came into contact with was courteous, friendly and helpful. When we asked for a rollaway and more coffee it was immediately delivered to our room. The room was big enough for two queen beds and a rollaway. I can't wait to go back!	
May 27 2009 	Ok	We stayed here for 7 nights. We booked through priceline and got a fantastic rate. However, the room we were given was tiny, only room to fit a queen bed and a desk and chair at the side. The bed was comfortable and clean but the room itself was dusty and in need of renovation. There is no free computer access in the business center but we really liked that in the lobby there is a dedicated computer for airline check in free of charge. The location of the hotel was great, the cable car to Fishermans Wharf stopped right outside the door and the mall was 2 blocks away. The bart station is also 2 blocks and a train to the airport cost $5 each way.	
May 26 2009 	Tiny Room	We booked this hotel via bidding on Priceline, so I guess I can't complain about the small room we were assigned to. Upon check-in, I was informed that we would get a Queen room (1 bed). When I asked if we could have a King, we were told we can, for an extra $35/night. We passed. [I am a Priceline veteran, and this is the first time I didn't get a larger room for free by just asking.]Our room is a renovated Queen (called Traditional Queen with no view, if booked conventionally via Westin's website) in the Historic Building. It is tiny - probably the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in within the US. Looking at the fire escape plan at the back of the door, I can tell that it is the smallest series of rooms that the hotel offers. It cannot be larger than 150 sq ft: the Queen bed fills up the room, with 5ft space on one side (where the work desk and chair is); and only 2 ft of space on the other side as well as the foot of the bed. In the corner is the mini-bar, with a flat-screen TV on top of it.The bathroom is small as well, but has plenty of shelf space and a full size bath. The closest holds the coffee maker and in-room safe. Walls are thin, as we could hear the couple next door engaging in some sort of &quot;activity&quot;. However, since the room faces within the hotel, noise from the street is minimal.The hotel charges $14.95 for internet access, but we found out that we can get free Union Sq wifi when we sit in the hotel lobby.Hotel parking is $50, and Union Sq garage across the street charges $31/day. We parked at the Sutter-Stockton Garage for 1 night on the weekend, and it's only $15 if you arrive Sat evening and leave Sunday day time. Location is fine - I'm not a huge fan of Union Sq as I don't like shopping. However, it's a short walk to Market street for the F-line street car, or MUNI metro/BART. The Powell cable car line runs right in front of the hotel.There is a breakfast/coffee bar called Caruso's in the hotel lobby. Prices are not cheap ($3.25 for a pastry or OJ), but much cheaper than room service.Bottom Line: Be prepared for the tiniest room if you are staying here via Priceline; or consider upgrading to a larger room for an extra $35. If you are booking the hotel via its own website, stay away from the single Queen bed/traditional/no view room.	
May 26 2009 	Affordable SF Luxury	This is my 3rd time staying here in the past 6 years, and we got a junior suite in the historical part of the hotel. Very neat room because it felt like boutique, but you are still at the dependability and standard of a Westin. We got a great room rate from one night as we came here for Valentines day and to see the show Wicked. The hotel is one of the best locations in SF with a great value. Right in the heart of Union Square! But because I have stayed here before and had not such a great room because the view was the roof of a garage, I would urge you to look into what type and where your room is. This is a big hotel with lots of room options. If you are looking for value while not skimping on quality of a nice hotel, this is a great choice.	
May 23 2009 	Great Experience	I booked with hotwire so I thought I'd probably get a small room with no view. To my surprise my room was a good size on the front with a view of Union Square. I've stayed at this hotel before and have enjoyed it each time. Room was very comfortable, staff was professional and friendly. I had coffee in the lobby a couple of mornings -- excellent service, good cup of coffee. Nice old hotel with a good feel.	
May 22 2009	Get-away "daycation"	After getting an incredible deal on Priceline, I followed my regular routine, and that was to log on to TripAdvisor. After reading a number of reviews, I was a little weary about staying @ the St. Francis.I must say, it wasn't the best, but it was far from the worst. Luke warm, I guess you could say. We took the BART from Fremont to the Powell Street station and took the two or three block trek to the hotel. With it being the Memorial Day weekend, I wasn't sure if they would have our room ready at the 12:00 noon arrival, however, was pleasantly surprised that I was able to check-in without any hassles.The room was far from extraordinary. My wife, however, loved the decor of the &quot;Victorian&quot; room. I, on the other hand, have stayed at quite a number of better &quot;4 star&quot; category rooms. I must say, that the room served it's purpose, and that was for my wife and I to get away for the day before I leave out for a week-long road-trip.We ordered room service on the morning of our check-out and it got there in about 20 minutes, which was great for us, though the $50 breakfast was tad much.Overall, I ranked this stay 3 out of 5. Could have been better, but didn't plan on it after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor.Off to the Midwest next week. Woo-hoo...	
May 22 2009 	Amazing	Incredible location. Very comfortable rooms and beds. Great place to stay!	
May 21 2009 	Needs to improve on service	I stayed here on a business trip recently and found the service quite inadequate. Breakfast was a constant battle just to order toast (which seems to take ages to arrive).. On the first day I had to search for cutlery myself, (from another table), Order for coffee had to be repeated and I was asked if wanted orange juice to which I had to reply yes but you may need a glass to pour it into. Made a call with my phonecard from my room and had to ring the operator who could not explain the code to ring France and said my phone card was at fault! I would imagine that someone at the hotel who works as an operator could explain how the code works, in the meantime I figured it out myself. In the process even when I did not get through the hotel stll billed me the 2 dollar surcharge just for ringing a toll free number to use my card from the hotel room. I did take anything from the minibar as the price was just unbelievable, not only was it outrageously overpriced there was also an extra tax and a further 20% service charge! I believe the hotel would even try and draw blood out of stone if they could. And as for housekeeping that's another story. On Sunday I was out for the whole morning and afternoon till about 3pm but when I came back the room was not cleaned, A voice came through the door at 1617 hours stating &quot;houskeeping&quot; just when I wanted to relax. I said that it was a bit late but she did not think it was! I guess you can imagine what my overall impression of this hotel is.I am definitely not coming back here again	
May 18 2009 	Amazing Location and Old School Hotel Charm	We have stayed at the Westin St. Francis about 4 times now...once for pleasure, and the last 3 times for business. I could imagine that people have varied experiences here. One of the guys we were traveling with was unhappy with the size of his room, but we got big rooms (because we were Starwood Gold members).There are 2 parts of the hotel...the old historic part and the new tower. The new tower isn't that new...probably built in the 80's. I would recommend the historic part of the hotel, as the rooms have high ceilings and are very charming. Some of them are HUGE. The best rooms overlook Union Square (but can be loud sometimes if music and people bother you...we loved it). The fixures in the bathroom are new and clean, which is always a nice thing. I am a freak about clean bathrooms- and I felt very comfortable in the Westin St. Francis. The room service is OK. Not great...you'd be better off to walk a block to any of the little cafes or pizza joints. The bar (on the right side, when you walk in) is very fun to have a drink and a few snacks. We had the hummus (delicious, but spicy). the salamis (mmmm), and chips and salsa (so-so). Drinks are stiff and service is actually good. There is a fun vibe.The service at the WSF is excellent. One morning it was raining and they let me use an umbrella. Another time, the woman at the front desk gave us a beautiful room when we were weary from traveling. One thing we did not like was the fitness facility. They charge guests to use it....it's only open until 10pm and it is very small. The upside is that they give you a cold bottle of water and a green apple. :)	
May 14 2009	Great location nice rooms - worth discount rate not full rate	Excellent location, right on Union Square. Our twin room was very nice, clean and spacious with two double beds and was on 29th floor offering great views of the city and Golden Gate Bridge in the distance. (The building’s earthquake-proof design means there is a slight clicking noise made by the frame as it moves, especially in high winds – noticeable, but not enough to bother us.) On the down side, the service was virtually non-existent and definitely not what you would expect of a 4-4.5 star hotel. This may have been as we booked our room at a discount rate online. We found the internet access expensive and there was no free internet in the hotel. Telephone calls were also expensive, plus a minimum $2 connection charge for each call. Overall, perfect central location, nice rooms, poor service – worth it if you get a good discount rate online, but definitely not worth full price.	
May 14 2009 	excellent location and super rooms	The rooms are excellent, clean and no noise. I got a first room really close to the elevator and was sceptical if I will hear the noise of the elevator, but not at all. noiseless.excellent location bang on union square, right in the middle of the shopping area and 1 km to china town and all eateries closeby	
May 11 2009 	Awesome Location	We stay at the Westin chain often and found the location of this hotel wonderful. It is situated overlooking Union Square. The cable car stops about a half a block from the front door and all the shops are located within walking distance. Michael Mina is in the lobby and you can also purchase starbucks coffees from the coffee shop in the lobby. Our room was modern/classic. When we got to our room the desk had a sticky spot, when we called the front desk they said all they could do was give us another room because all the cleaning staff was gone home which sounded silly - but we were to tired to drag our bags anywhere else. the hotel was quiet but however sanfran is not so even though we were on the 11th floor we could still hear some noise - however we were so pooped from site seeing &amp; shopping that we were fast asleep before it could really bother us.	
May 4 2009 	Very basic rooms	Stayed here for 4 nights in April. Upon check it was told that the only king size rooms available were close to the elevators and that they would be noisey; she recommended that I take a queen room instead and that she would find me a lovely one! I said ok; the room was far from lovely, it was small and the view from the 'lovely room on the 11th floor' was of another wall of the hotel! Housekeeping start working early in the morning, so you can hear them knocking on doors and vacum cleaning. Bathroom was clean but was very small and in need of a revamp. We phoned down for the concierge to book the shuttle to the airport but the concierge was available so reception said that they would put us through to the company and we could book it directly; they charged us $2 for this phonecall! Also the hotel charges guests $10 to use the PC's in the &quot;business centre&quot; (its supposed to be a printer coverage charge but we didn't need to use a printer). The location is great however! Valet parking was extremely expensive here at $50 a night - luckily we had given our car back when we got to San Fran so didn't have to pay this! However, there are places a few blocks up that are cheaper.	
Apr 29 2009 	Westin St Francis - Great Location	There are so many great hotels in San Francisco, but for the money and location, you can't beat the Westin St Francis hotel. Union Square is right across the street and some of the cities best shopping surrounds the hotel.	
Apr 27 2009	Great Deal Through Priceline	Great deal through Priceline 69/nt. Got there at 11AM and a room on the 24th floor was available - what a great view! Pros - Bed was nice and comfortable, room was immaculate. Location cannot be beat. Cons - Bathroom door was saloon style with no way to really lock it or get 100% privacy. If you looked closely, scratches in paint, etc - needs a little maintenance. Hall noise loud. The room rates through westin.com were 219/nt - no way - better values out there nearby. But I could not beat the rate that I got.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great Visit - Great Rates through Priceline	Booked a stay at the Westin St Francis through Priceline for only $69 per night for April 17-19. We read some of the previous reviews regarding Priceline reservations at this hotel so we were ready for anything but ended up pleasantly surprised! We arrived early around 1pm and requested a room with two beds as the standard Priceline room was a standard with only a double bed which wouldn't have worked with two young children. The front desk was more than accommodating and put us in a newly renovated room in the Tower section with a limited bay view. We had no &quot;additional&quot; charges levied as mentioned in a previous post and enjoyed our visit. The location can't be beat as just about everything is right outside the hotels front door. One tip is to skip the hotel parking at $49 +Tax a day and instead park across the street in the Union Square garage for $31 a day tax included. We would gladly stay here again...	
Apr 23 2009 	Location can't be beat!	Pro's: Excellent location - right on Union square. Great shopping all around. A short walk (uphill) to ChinatownValet parking was easy (compared to other hotels we have stayed at in the area)Short walk to great eating spotsCon's:Our room had 2 double beds (we wanted queen) - not ideal for 2 adults and a teenager!Not enough towelsThe previous guests bathroom trash had not been emptied (extremely gross)Summary - This was a 2 night stay. The housekeeping staff were very eager to get their work done and consequently we were woken up at 7am both mornings. I would probably not stay here again. The smaller beds most certainly did not add to the experience..	
Apr 22 2009 	Beware priceline users!! (Westin St Francis)	I and my family recently stayed at Westin St Francis (April 9 thru 12). Horrible experience!!!! I've been booking thru priceline for over a decade and this is the first time I have been double charged for a small basic room w/ two beds. And when I add up the charges by priceline &amp; hotel it's almost the hotel's listing price. I may not use priceline anymore to book for hotels near union square just to avoid Westin St Francis. I am extremely disapponted. And I have to tell you this hotel was not a four star hotel which is what I booked for, it's more like two star hotel. I can tell that clearly because I've stayed at many hotels near union square.	
Apr 14 2009 	Quiet Room Great Bed!	My husband and I traveled to San Francisco for a three night stay without kids. My primary reasons for selecting this hotel were: 1. quiet rooms 2. location and 3. bed comfort. San Francisco is a loud city, and we have stayed in hotels where you can hear every night-noise there is (Marriott by Nordstroms is across the street from the fire station!!). Traveling WITHOUT KIDS I was looking for a hotel that was quiet, both in the rooms, as well as blocking out the city-sounds. We stayed on the 27th floor in a deluxe grand room in the new tower, and couldn't hear a thing!! Secondly, the Westin is located straight across the street from Union Square--not a block away, two blocks away (all other hotels will say they are in union square, however, the Westin is really the ONLY hotel practically IN the square). Macy's is across the street (go to Cheesecake Factory!) as is Lefty's (a perfect breakfast each morning). Thirdly, I was looking for a comfortable bed, and with any Westin, the Heavenly beds are great, not worn out in the middle like other hotels. The down comforter and down pillows are excellent as well.The room was not overly luxurious, but we didn't spend much time there during the day. The tv was a crystal clear LG flat screen.We had a pay for 2 night, get the 3rd free deal, but the bill was incorrect. We had to get the third night (charged to us) removed, but other than that, it was no problem.This hotel is completely no-smoking, thank Goodness. They are pet friendly, however, which always strikes me as a little weird, but then again, every pooch I saw was very well behaved.I would not hesitate to stay here--I'd stay again, purely because of the location, quiet rooms and comfy beds.	
Apr 12 2009 	Very disappointing; a landmark in disrepair	I was meeting a college friend for a couple days in San Francisco and was very excited to book a room at the historic St. Francis Hotel. What a *huge* disappointment. While the location was great, and the lobby is gorgeous, the rest of the hotel is not up to 4 star standard. I had a room in the tower building, the &quot;newer&quot; part of the hotel. Sadly, there was not much &quot;new&quot; about it anymore: furniture was scratched; bath supplies were limited; there was no bathrobe for use in the room and a card in the room offered guests a coupon or start points for forgoing housekeeping. The bathroom had a great double shower head, which unfortunately was clogged so it sputtered. And the toilet was one of those industrial jobs that you see in any public restroom. The workout area was very small and was a extra charge (12/day) even for overnight guests. Valet parking was easily $20 more than other Union Square hotels. Sadly, I would recommend that you choose a different hotel. I won't stay here again. What a sad, sad thing to say about a great piece of San Francisco history.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great location but needs to work out the kinks	The Westin St. Francis is located directly across the street from Union Square, which makes its location ideal for exploring San Fancisco. Most of the city's transportation alternatives meet near Union Square, so you will not have a difficult time getting around. There is lots of shopping within easy walking distance and if you are fit enough, you can also walk to Chinatown and other neighborhoods nearby.As for the hotel itself, it is very pretty inside, but it is not a four start hotel. We stayed at the St. Francis for three nights on our stay. The first night we checked in late, so the only room avaialble was in the old building near the elavator. The room had an old world charm with high ceilings and early 20th century furnishings. Some of the furniture was a bit on the tired side, but was acceptable. The room had a lmited view of Union Square, but the rooms in the old building do not provide the views that the rooms in the towers do, so we requested a move the next morning.After providing us with a few options, we proceeded to our new room late in the afternoon after a day of touring. After transporting our luggage to our new location ourselves, we found our new room had not yet been cleaned. We called the front desk from out unmade room to let them know and waited approximately 20 minutes for an employee to come up to the 26th floor to give us a key to a new room. The new room that we were provded did not have as nice of a view, but we were tired and didn't want to wait for another room to become avaialble or for the room to be made up. The new room was nice, but it had just one bath towel. We called the front desk again to request additional towels.The rest of the stay was uneventful, but the few kinks that we experienced should not happen at a Westi hotel especially for the prices that are charged. All told, the St. Francis is nice, but it could be so much better with improved service.	
Apr 4 2009 	Couldn't have been more Accommodating--don't believe the negative reviews	First of all, I booked through price-line! Upon check-in I asked for an upgrade....we were given a room on the 29th floor with a fantastic view of the city, Golden Gate bridge, Alcatraz etc. The front desk person was a supervisor who could not have been more welcoming. The room was exceptionally clean and comfortable. I tend to utilize the concierge desk rather frequently when I travel.All reservations, directions, suggestions, bus times( we took the culture bus to the De Young Museum ).......were perfect!hj2	
Mar 23 2009 	Great Overall Hotel	We stayed the weekend of March 21st at the Westin St. Francis. We got a great rate for a deluxe king sized room through spg.com. The check-in was a breeze, they gave us a corner room, so we had 2 windows. Make sure you ask for a renovated room if you're in the main building. We stayed on the 10th floor and had a great view of Union Square. The location of this building is just perfect, you're close to all the shops and the trolly stop. The room is a pretty good size for San Francisco hotels which tend to be on the smaller side. The bathroom is ok, a little small, one sink, the bath tub/shower is a little worn. This is the only Westin I have ever stayed at that does not give you ample bathroom supplies. They only gave us one bar of very thin soap for both days, 2 towels, no shower cap, barely enough shampoo for 2 people. Overall though, a great deal, we pre-paid and got a rate of $157 a night. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a fun weekend.	
Mar 4 2009 	No customer appreciation stay somewhere else!	Of all the hotels in the San Francisco Union Square area, we chose the beautiful St Francis for our daughter to stay to celebrate her 25th birthday. What a mistake! Room 1999 clanged noisily all night long. My daughter finally called for earplugs but that hardly helped. To add more salt to the wound, when I complained to the management, they told me they will &quot;for the sake of Goodwill&quot; credit my account with 1/3 the value of what we paid because the stay was not totally without value&quot;. I asked her how do you figure that when the whole point of staying in a hotel was to get a good night's sleep? Everyone knows without a night's rest, the day is shot. I've stayed at this hotel a number of times but will never do so again. &quot;Service&quot; counts when you need it, NOT when you don't need it. Just like any insurance company, they are only as good as the customer service they provide when you need it. In this case, it was nil. Very disappointing. Not at all the &quot;Westin&quot; service I expected to get. Is it due to the economy??	
Feb 26 2009 	Would never stay here again. Go to the Grand Hyatt instead.	We got a great deal on this hotel on Priceline for 4 nights - Thursday though Monday in mid Feb. 2009. When we checked in, it was obvious that we were Priceline guests because they treated us like lower class citizens. They finally &quot;found&quot; a King room after telling us repeatedly that none were available. I was persistent since we were there for 4 nights and thought we deserved a King room. Then, suddenly one appeared out of the blue on their computer. Hmm. They put us in the older building (as was expected) but the room was about the size of a closet. You could barely walk around the bed. Also, our view out the window was of the windows from the rooms in the next section of the building. I can't believe some people actually pay $200 a night for this. The ONLY pros about the hotel are the location and the bar in the lobby. We stayed at the Grand Hyatt right around the corner during a different part of our stay and it was 100 times better. Go there!	
Feb 24 2009 	Terrible Hotel and Service!	I will never stay at this hotel again. We even stayed in the newly renovated Tower. It was rated as a four star hotel, but it is nothing like a four star that I have ever stayed at. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls, the lamp button did not work, the bathroom sink kept clogging up, and we had to call to get bath soap brought up to the room. Also, the handle for the shower fell off! Unbelievable! The view was terrible of the other brick buldings and the top of the adjoining part of the hotel. We were supposed to stay there for 5 nights but we barely were able to tolerate it for one night, we got there past midnight and left the next day before 11AM. After complaining to the manager, all he could do for is is tell us &quot;thanks for bringing it to our attention&quot; I will never stay at another Westin ever again. We checked in for the rest of our stay at the new Intercontinental which is walking distance from the Westin and had a wonderful stay and experience there.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great hotel location can't be beat	My husband and I stayed at the St. Francis in the heart of Union Square this past week. We loved the tower grandview room with a view of the bay and the city very much. It was well worth the extra cost. The outside glass elevators are unbelievable. What a view!!! The staff was helpful,too. When I complained about the maid not bringing a shower cap or conditioner (??) it was delivered right away. The only downside was the maid service. While the &quot; heavenly beds&quot; were always made, the bathroom was barely touched, except for fresh toilet tissue. I am surprised at this, because this is such a classy place. However, i would definitely go back there in a heartbeat. The food in the Oak Room was one of the best I tasted in the city. If you want an elegant hotel in a wonderful location go to the St. Francis. It definitely contributed to our terrific time in San Francisco.	
Feb 15 2009 	Cosy stay nice location	Stayed three nights at this property.I was swiftly booked into a tower room (14th Floor) with a reasonably nice view.The size of the room impressed me very much; comfortable chair to watch the flat screen TV. Good working desk, king-size bed which turned out very comfortable.Good bathroom, unfortunately without separate shower.Only downside in room was that the A/C was quite noisy.Had breakfast at the hotel restaurant; turned out to be quite an expensive adventure which included a fried egg (but no omelette, as clearly pointed out by the waiter). Hotel guests seem to either have coffee and a bagel in the coffee place opposite the reception area or outside in the many eating places around the hotel.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great location for family trip to SF	Our family of six stayed at the Westin St. Francis for 4 nights during a late summer trip to San Francisco. Kids age range of 11-16. Booked directly with the hotel and reserved a Parlor Suite (King bedroom and bath plus a separate room - the parlor - with bath, pullout couch and room for a cot) and a second room with 2 doubles next door to accommodate the six of us. Requested Tower building on a high floor. Great space. The parlor suite we were in had great views of Union Square below. Great views from the glass elevators too. Excellent service, clean, and very comfortable space. Nice to be in an active part of the city. Lovely lobby. Fun to have the cable cars going by out front.Dining choices our family made: Oak Room in hotel for lunch the day we arrived.Wolfgang Puck Express in Macy's Basement (food court).Cheesecake Factory (take-out).Sunday Brunch at the Top of the Mark on Nob Hill.Snacks/drinks at the Cliff House.Scalas Bistro dinner (so-so).Breakfast at Lori's DinerVenice Pizza/Deli in Sausalito (rode bikes there from Fisherman's Wharf - rentals from Blazing Saddles - very fun)Ghiradelli's for ice cream Lunch at Fog City DinerHot Dogs at AT&amp;T Park for a Giants game.Would definitely recommend and return to the Westin St. Francis.	
Feb 5 2009 	Classic hotel; cannot beat the location!	This is a classic old style hotel. There is the older towers and newer tower; we stayed in the older section. The room was comfortable, bath room small, and the bedding was up-scale.Excellent service from the staff.Right on the cable car line and walk to China Town and upscale shopping. Great discounts available so no need to stay in lesser property.Car rental for all brands within a block with Hertz on site.	
Feb 2 2009 	Superb all the way!! Both times I've stayed	This was my second stay at the Westin St. Francis, and decided to write a review because they always exceed my expectations. Both times I was upgraded to an upper floor in the new tower. 1st time floor 27, 2nd time 31st floor! Both times, i've paid only for the lowest prices (promotional prices) and have been upgraded to great rooms with views of union square just by asking! they also send my mom a bottle of red wine because it was her birthday...nice touch. they also give me vouchers for carruso's (for drinks) We have gone very nicely dressed both times. Not sure if that has something to do with it, but i'm sure it doesn't hurt if you are asking for an upgrade.	
Feb 2 2009	Decent hotel given the right price.	I stayed for 2 nights in mid-Dec as I had a missed connection at SFO (weather related). Luckily, I was able to book this hotel with no notice via Starwood's central hotel number and with a Cash and Points rate to boot!First off, as a SPG Platinum, I received professional treatment at front desk. All C&amp;P bookings are for the lowest room type but the check-in agent upgraded me to the Towers section. I confirmed there is no Exec lounge but forgot to ask if there's an Exec floor. Although I'm not sure I was upgraded to their &quot;best&quot; room as per the Plat guidelines, I do know their hotel was pretty packed.The room itself was decent. There was street noise coming through the window although I was on the 9th floor. Although the Towers is the newer section, the windows were sufficiently old enough to not close properly. This resulted in constant noise and drafts. The rest of the room was as expected. The service received throughout was top notch. This is from my first experience walking up to the hotel and to checking out. I cannot find any fault in this regard. Unfortunately, I did not eat in any of its restaurants so cannot comment on that. Not that I didn't want to, but this hotel was packed full of walk-in tourists due to its Christmas display in the lobby and a pretty active bar scene.The location is perfect. Right in the middle of Union Square. Everything is a short walk including the metro and cable car turning platform. Of course, lots and lots of shopping is within steps of the hotel. The concierge can arrange a shuttle for you to the airport for $13, which is on par with just calling in yourself. However, they do take a deposit which I find a bit strange. Perhaps too many people not showing up? I was darting in and out of every coffee shop to find some free wifi. Of course, I couldn't understand this as San Fran is supposed to be one of the tech epicenters of the West Coast. My frustration ended when the concierge advised all of Union Square had free wifi. Yes, right in front of my nose! Doh! Just sit in one of the outdoor tables or find a section of a wall and surf away.This isn't my first time to SFO but I had never stayed in the Westin before due to its fairly high pricing. I would return again only if I was able to get the same pricing. If not, I might find another hotel.	
Jan 29 2009 	Wonderful stay	Booked the Westin as a walk-in client. We were given a corner room on a high floor with amazing views over San Francisco.This is truly a fabulous hotel. The lobby and public areas are clean and sumptuous. The room was large and clean. One of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever experienced! We were made to feel very welcome from the time we arrived until the moment we left. As a result of this trip I would certainly check for other Starwood hotels wherever I go, and would not hesitate in recommending it to friends.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great location older part not great	I stayed in the old part of the hotel for a conference. The location is excellent, make sure you walk up the hill on Powell or Mason. The cable car is right there, and the BART station is close. Nice waslk to Chinatown, too. But the room was exceptionally small—basically a queen size bed took up all of it. In contrast to other Westins where I have stayed, the bed was not very comfortable. The room made it apparent that I was in an old hotel, but not in a good way. The bathtub had several spots where the paint must have chipped off and was repainted, but in a very crude way. OK room, but not like what you would expect in a Westin. Try to book in the new part.	
Jan 7 2009 	Convenient but somewhat lacking	The Westin St. Francis has a location that is hard to beat- right on Union Square. You are close to a lot of restaurants and to BART. We were there for a conference, so we had a really cheap conference rate, BUT we were in one of the really tiny rooms in the old part of the hotel. Since we were paying so little, I don't think that we can really complain, but space was tight for 2 people. If you can afford a nicer room, either here or at another hotel, I would go for it. That said, I felt that our experience was not nearly as good as our experiences in other Westin hotels. We had a major problem with room service breakfast the first day. My husband had to get out early to make a meeting, and we put the door hanger order on the door the night before, only to have breakfast delivered 45 minutes late. I called after 15 minutes, as he was really on a tight schedule, and they said &quot;it will be there in 10 minutes,&quot; but it came 30 minutes later instead. As a result, he didn't really have time to eat much of it before he left. This was not the end of the world this particular trip, but there have been times when this would have been a serious problem. In addition, the eggs were barely, barely cooked, and everything was cold when it arrived. That was pretty underwhelming. The walls were super thin- we were woken up by our neighbor's TV every morning, which also wasn't that great. Our neighbor didn't seem to be making an unusual amount of noise, but we could hear it all. I used the gym while I was there. It was $12/day, which I thought was a pretty bad deal. I guess our room was so cheap that it all evened out, but honestly, I would expect free access to a fitness center in a major hotel like this, unless the fitness center was part of a bigger, luxe sports club, which this one wasn't. It was just a regular hotel fitness center. I couldn't really do weights because there weren't enough to go around, just one set of dumbbells, and the ones I wanted were in use. There were about 5 or 6 treadmills, a couple of stairmasters, and maybe 4 elliptical machines. There were also weight machines; I guess people are supposed to use these instead of dumbbells? The equipment itself was fine, but space was cramped (like everything else in the hotel). You did get a free bottle of water, but I didn't know that, so I brought my own. All in all, if you don't mind the small room (which I absolutely would not do with more than 2 people, so if you have kids, forget it) for a good price (our conference rate was so good that I bet even the regular rate is a good deal for Union Square), and want to be in the middle of it all, I guess I would stay here, but if/when we return to SF, we will probably pick a different hotel.	
Jan 6 2009 	Grand Hotel 	After walking around SF for 5 days and comparing the various neighbourhoods &amp; large/small hotels, the Westin St. Francis is without a doubt the best location and defnly the most iconic hotel. We got a Deluxe Tower Room, which was large and well furnished.....gotta love the Heavenly Beds!Only complaint though is the bathroom. When I stay at a hotel, I don't think it's too much to ask for an absolutely spotless bathroom? We noticed a lot of hair on the bathroom floor and the shower and counter were quite old &amp; a bit moldy. I guess that's what you get for a room in a more classic style hotel.	
Jan 4 2009 	great location in the heart of SF	My extended family and I recently stayed at the Westin St. Frances and would highly recommend the hotel. Right on Union Square, we were able walk to most of the sights around town, and it was also very convenient to all of the wonderful department stores and boutiques that surround Union Square.  We stayed in the newer tower, which I would highly suggest. One of our party originally was in the historic tower, and described it as a dungeon. The new tower is modern and clean, although there is a wind tunnel near the elevators.  There is a coffee bar in the lobby, which is great, but most mornings (after coffe in the lobby) we went to either Sears (up Powell) or the Irish place on the side street (half the cost of Sears) next to the Daily Grill, which is also good. I heard, but didn't visit, Town'sEnd Bakery and Cafe (in Embarcadaro) was great for breakfast, but as I said, we couldn't squeeze it in.	
Jan 2 2009 	Fabulous Except for the Staff	I stayed in the New Tower section, which I was told from others is newer and bigger. My room was very clean, large, and comfortable. The beds were among the most comfortable I have ever slept in at a hotel. The bathroom was large with a shower tub combo and two shower heads. I have allergies and the air was cleaner than most hotels which made for nicer mornings. If you book in the tower ask for a room on one of the higher floors. I stayed on the 8th floor, which had a view of other hotel rooms across the top of a rooftop. The higher floors had a fabulous view of the city.The service was awful. The concierge dept. was the worst of any hotel where I have stayed. They don't answer their phones, so you need to go all the way down to the lobby to ask a question. They carry on personal phone conversations while you are waiting for them to acknowledge you. They provide incorrect information (outdated and incorrect phone numbers), and will not book reservations; when I asked them to, they said that I needed to go back up to my room and book them myself (which using the hotel phone costs at least $2/call to begin). When I asked if there was any live entertainment nearby on a Saturday night, they said; &quot;not really, there is an Irish bar around the corner, but that's about it&quot;. This was my 9th trip to San Francisco and I could have named a dozen places to go, but I always ask for suggestions, to see there is someplace new, or that I haven't been. We ended up going across the street to the Starlight Room and danced to a live band and then for last call went right next door to the Golden Nugget where there is always an entertaining band playing 7 nights a week.I tried to book an airport shuttle at night, for the next morning, and the person at the reception desk said that they couldn't do that at night and I would need to speak to the concierge in the morning, who of course didn't answer the phone when I tried calling down in the morning. The year before I stayed two doors down at the Villa Florence and the fabulous staff there, not only took my reservation for the next morning at 2 AM, but they allowed me to prepay and provided me with a reduced rate voucher.	
Dec 20 2008 	It was OK	Stayed at the Westin St. Francis for work purposes. The hotel was OK; however, I stayed in the section where the larger rooms are located. I would actually give the hotel a slightly higher rating (3.5 dots if I could). Some of my colleagues that stayed in the rooms at the main bank of elevators, and they said their rooms were like closets and not nice at all. The larger room section was nice. Nice bedding, room, internet service, etc. I got room service twice and thought the food was just OK, one night the food was about an hour late. The hotel has a great location to nearby restaurants, shopping, etc. It's also only 5 blocks from Chinatown. I didn't feel completely safe walking around at night because there were tons of aggressive homeless people everywhere, but if you're female and walking with others, it's just fine. I thought the hotel was OK.	
Dec 14 2008 	Perfect Location	My wife and I stayed here as part of our honeymoon. We were only there for 2 days but for a quickie trip into San Fran this place was perfect. Its right across the street from Union Square which allowed for great shopping but its also a block or two from mass transit so we took a train from the airport to get to the hotel which made easy (and cheap) access to the city. Also, the trolley turnaround is also there so that made getting around the city really easy. The room we had was one of the smaller rooms (booked on priceline for $105 a night) but was adequate and the hotel treated use great when they found out it was our honeymoon (thank you Westin St. Francis). I would definitely stay here again. Oh.. I also recommend riding the glass elevators at night.. that was a trip.	
Dec 12 2008 	Perfect Location	A friend and I stayed at the hotel for five nights this past summer. We were bumped up to a larger room at no extra cost and were delighted to find we were in the new wing. The beds were very comfortable and the room was great. It was clean and a good size. The bathroom was large and had plenty of space. You cannot beat the location, walking distanace to everything! The shopping in the area was incredible and the cable car stops infront of the hotel, so if you have a five day pass you can jump on wthout waiting in the line at the end of the street. Loved the hotel and the area. The staff were friendly and very helpful.	
Dec 12 2008 	Felt like one of a million	We had been travelling around for a couple of weeks, when we arrived in San Francisco we stayed at the Omni, a fantastic and friendly hotel and then moved on to Las Vegas and stayed at the Trump Tower, again wonderful hotel with friendly staff but when we arrived back in San Francisco at the Westin St. Francis boy were we in for a shock.We struggled in with our bags. It would have been nice to have been offered some assistance or even noticed. We had entered from Union Square so maybe we entered through the wrong entrance.The reception and surrounding areas were nice; there are display cabinets with information and memorabilia from different parts of the hotels history.This hotel has got a lot of history and is right in the heart of Union Square so you are in the centre of everything and can get to anywhere in the city easily.The hotel has a newer part – the tower, this has a scenic elevator which has some great views of the city. We were staying in the older part of the hotel.A traditional old fashioned hotel with imposing hall and stairways, almost like stepping back in time, this would have been nice if it had come with the good old fashioned service, but sadly in our case it did not.Most staff appeared unapproachable and unfriendly with a could not care less attitude. (There were a couple of exceptions to be fair.)We had to queue at reception to check in (5 and 10 mins)On walking into the room I was shocked - The hotel room was the smallest room I have seen I my life, there was a queen size bed which left little room for anything else, my partner and myself had two average size cases and after we had put them in the room we could NOT freely walk around the room.The room did NOT have a bath, just w/c and shower.We returned to reception to complain – we were told the room was a standard room. (During conversation he did admit it was a standard room normally allocated to 1 person.) We were told this was the room they give customers who book through Priceline. (We have used Priceline several times before and have always been happy rooms allocated; we have NEVER been made to feel second class citizens) The member of staff did NOT appear to intend reception allocating us another room until another member of our party also came to reception to complain about her room, she has a Westin loyalty card; at that point we were allocated another room.The room we were moved to (without assistance) was of a good size, clean and tidy, in reasonable order with traditional furnishings, old fashioned in style that matched the era of the hotel with a plasma type television. There was a w/c bath and shower facilities. I would describe the room a functional.Had we have been allocated this room in the first place we would not have had a problem with the room.In general we feel it is a shame. The hotel itself is a nice old fashioned hotel with a lot of potential, the location is great, the room we ended up in was fair but we found it to be impersonal, unfriendly, we were made to feel unimportant.Would I return? Probably not, I would be fearful about what room I would end up in, regardless of where I booked. Had the staff been more friendly and caring and the original room not been offered this report may not have been so negative.My experience here has made me fearful about the whole Westin chain, I understand this may not be justified and I am sure Westin do not want to upset their customers, but I can only speak as I found at this location.	
Dec 11 2008 	Can't hide its age	It's in a prime location right in Union Square, with an architecturally beautiful historic building and a professional staff. However, despite some updates, the hotel's age shows. My room was beautiful if you looked up--gleaming chandelier, decorative molding, heavy draperies, tastefully decorated walls. Unfortunately the carpet was shappy, worn, and buckled in places so that I &quot;bounced&quot; on the way to the bathroom; the room was tiny and I kept bumping into the heavy furniture. There was hardly any drawer space at all ( a night table and two tiny drawers in the closet), and the (nice flat screen) television was placed uncomfortably to the left of the bed. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a reasonable size though drafty. The hallways were large with old, shabby carpeting, and the lovely open marble staircase at the end of the hallway was littered with wrappers. One can defintely appreciate the old glorious past of this hotel but the age can't help but show through.	
Dec 4 2008 	Very Disappointed	Internet serice in my room was not operational for two days. Room service breakfast took 45 minutes to arrive (promised in 20) with the wrong order. Bathroom was tiny. On the plus side, check in was smooth and the location is good except for the numerous homeless people situated around Union Square. Michael Mina is a great restaurant.	
Dec 1 2008 	A Regal Bearing	My husband and I just returned from a thoroughly enjoyable week's stay at the Westin St. Francis. We commuted from the airport on the city's subway - the &quot;BART&quot;- and walked the easy 2 blocks up from the Powell Street station. Our approach was nothing short of breathtaking as the merriment on Union Square, with its ice-skating rink and enromous Christmas tree lay before our eyes. I told my husband - &quot;that's where we are staying.&quot; He said &quot;there?&quot; in amazement. The hotel with its regal bearing was much more than he expected. In all our 8 days, the only mishap was that we were first given a double bed instead of the queen-size we had booked. Once that was taken care of we enjoyed a comfortable room and a nice sized bathroom with a tub in which to soak one's weary limbs after many days of walking. You can't beat the location. Easy to get to Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, Lombard Street, Castro, Haight-Ashbury. The hop-on, hop-off shuttles are right outside your door. The restaurant is acclaimed. When in New Orleans, I like a B&amp;B, but for San Fran, the Westin St. Francis does you proud!	
Nov 27 2008 	Fantastic location!	For us, this hotel was an excellent location. It was close to my husband's conference, next to shopping, walking distance to China town, and even a little further (but still walking distance) to North Beach &amp; Fishermans' Wharf. The hotel was better than average but nothing spectacular. We were there for 8 nights, with a complimentary upgrade to the 28th floor in the Tower. Glass elevator was great! Views were fantastic. Cleaning was done daily, but not consistently (ie tea/toiletries sometimes replaced). Hotel is very large and very busy, it therefore lacked a more personal touch. Overall though, it was good.	
Nov 26 2008	Beware of bad security in this hotel	I have stayed at the St Francis for over 25 years and it is truly a lovely property but this time it was different. My wife and I were staying on the 11th floor when an obviously crazed man knocked on my door at night and when I opened tried to force his way in. I wrestled him back out the door and as I pushed him out he spit into my face and ran off down the hall. I called security and reported this and about 20 minutes later they showed up and told me they had found him and escorted him from the hotel and if I wanted to I could report to the police but that he was gone.The next day I approached the manager ( I could hardly believe HE had NOT contacted me!!) and he offered that he thought their security was fine but he thought he could comp me for half of one days stay! I had not asked for anything but I was insulted by this and told him he could do whatever he thought appropriate.Given their location on Union Square and the large homeless population that roams this area this hotel CAN NOT GUARANTEE YOUR SECURITY given their existing setup.I am just thankful my wife did not answer the door as I would have been fighting this guy in my room. As it is I will have to be tested over the next months due to the spit.I always loved this hotel but can't stay there any longer.	
Nov 23 2008 	Location Location Location	This is my second stay at this hotel. My husband and I decided to do some sight seeing before a wedding we attended in wine country. We stayed two nights. We stayed on an upper floor in the new tower. The rooms were fine but nothing spectacular except the view. You are really paying for location with this hotel. This is also a historic hotel, so please do not expect it to look like the Westin in Hollywood Florida. The bathrooms are small and not really up to &quot;heavenly bath&quot; standard. However we found the staff to be polite and helpful. The concierge was great. If you are new to the city then you will definitely want to start there. They will give you a map and tell you which cable car to hop on. The cable car by the way stops right outside the hotel. Do yourself a favor and catch it outside the hotel, not down the hill where there are tons of lines!Over all I really like this hotel for the location and friendly staff.	
Nov 19 2008 	Nothing Special!	I reserved an upgraded double room in the tower upper floors. Upon check-in I was informed I'd been given a single room. Since I was traveling with two children this wouldn't work! I was then given a double on a lower floor with somewhat of a view. The carpets were stained, the drapes pulled loose at the top and the bathroom door completely missing a handle. The beds were great though!The lobby is beautiful but the rooms are mediocre at best. They have a children's &quot;welcome&quot; gift upon check-in but were out of &quot;older&quot; kids bags so we were given the toddler gifts that consisted of electrical outlet plug covers, a night light and a rubber duck. Not much use to a 9 and 10 year old!The location is great and the cable car stops right in front!	
Nov 17 2008 	Wonderful around x-mas time!	Our family stayed here around X-mas time and the hotel was beautiful! The staff was friendly...the rooms were clean...and beds were SUPER comfy! Parking is always an issue in SF, but OHH well! The parking staff were prompt and gave us some water for our trip home...very nice!Will def. stay again!	
Nov 16 2008	San Francisco treat	My wife and I stayed at the St Francis 2 weekend nights. Our room was in the original portion of the hotel. We looked out on Union Square and all the activity going on there.When we drove up and were told &quot;We've been waiting for you&quot; it certainly set the right tone. Staff was very helpful as I was turning in a rent car close by, had to unload, check in and then take the car. The room was a little small, but not overcrowded. It was very clean, well appointed, very good tv, and has a safe. The bathroom shower was two headed, which I enjoyed, but my wife didn't, until I figured out how to shut off one of the heads.For convenience, helpful staff, well kept hotel, the St Francis is hard to beat.	
Nov 12 2008 	Nice Hotel but unbelivably noisy and A Parking Racket	I stayed at The Westin St. Francis last weekend to celebrate my 1 year wedding anniversary. Normally when I stay in S.F. I stay over at the Hilton on O'Farrell, however considering the special occasion, I decided to upgrade just a bit. BAD DECISION! First let me say that the hotel is AMAZING. The exterior looks like an old 1920's Chicago style hotel. The restaurant, Michael Mina, is a Michelin Star rated restaurant, the bar atmosphere is phenomenal, and the lobby was buzzing with life. Our room was pretty nice. It had a flat panel, heavy blackout drapes and a decent enough bathroom. Unfortunately the walls were PAPER THIN. The both nights we stayed at the hotel, we were startled out of a deep sleep at around 3am by what seemed to be club goers returning from Ruby Skye around the corner. The people yelling and screaming was absolutely ridiculous. It keep me up most of the night. Another MAJOR issue I had with the hotel was their parking situation. I rented a car, because I wanted the flexibility of getting around the city. Unfortunately, this folly cost me an extra $100. The hotel charges $49/night for guest parking which is the same price they charge non-guests. Not to mention everytime we wanted to leave, we were forced to wait over 15 min for our car to be returned from the valet only garage. What made matters even worse was the &quot;tip fishing&quot; by the valets. I don't mind slipping folks a tip that give great service, however don't overdue the clearing of the throat and the hand gestures.All in all, I will probably never stay at the Westin St. Francis unless it is in a suite in the new tower. However the $49/night will likely keep me at the Hilton from now on which is only 2 blocks west of the St. Francis.	
Nov 7 2008	Friendly Staff Large Rooms in the New Tower	After staying several times in the Westin Market Street, I was a bit apprehensive at booking the St. Francis, as I tend to like the more modern feel of the other San Francisco Westin hotel. The location is, of course, excellent. I expected the lobby to be larger and a bit more grand, but it is definitely beautiful.I can't say enough about the check-in staff. From my initial check-in, to requests for a late check-out, every person I dealt with was very friendly and helpful - I was never made to feel like a second-class guest since I booked a discounted room online. The concierge was also very helpful in tracking down some touristy information.I stayed in the new addition, and after requesting a room with a view, was very happy getting a nice, large room. I wouldn't pay full price to stay here, but if you can get a reasonable rate it is definitely worth the experience to stay in a classic hotel.	
Nov 4 2008 	Tower rooms are a big improvement - Great Location!	We hadn't stayed in the St. Francis for many years. The renovation and the tower rooms are just wonderful. Service was great and it is one of the best of the Westin properties. We wanted to slip in some shopping between other activities, and Union Square made this really easy. Plus it was pouring and being able to rush back and get out of the rain was really helpful. We had stayed in S.F. Le Meridien in the financial district/embarcadero last month and did notice that the St. Francis wasn't as well equipped or as spacious, but the location is what we needed this weekend. My only complaint about the St. Francis is the parking at $49 a night plus taxes is just ridiculous. Even the expensive hotels in S.F. are less. Guests should get a break on parking. I find I am reconsidering SPG hotels for the high charges for internet access parking which add considerably to costs. Many modern hotels have WIFI .	
Oct 31 2008 	Great location	We stayed here for 2 nights on a weekend trip to San Francisco. We were in the older part of the hotel. The room was small but had a small closet to put our luggage in, so we didn't feel the room was cluttered. Although the room was one of the older ones, we felt it was above average (but not perfect). The room was missing a smoke detector, but when we rang maintenance, they had it fixed before we returned from dinner. All things considered, we did enjoy our stay in the hotel. Although the room was older, we liked its charm and high ceilings. The elevators were a bit slow but other than that, we didn't have any major complaints about the hotel.	
Oct 28 2008	Don't be fooled by the "glamour" and lobby photos- I just want a bed	This hotel has to be the poster child for what the Westin brand has become. Mediocre, overpriced, convention hotels that work hard to make that check out bill as high as possible. If you have to stay here, for business, at least you're not paying for it. If you intend to stay here for pleasure, you can do much much better. There are about 50 different room types here which is where the problems start. We experienced four of them...and one didn't even have A BED in it. It was the living room of a suite, in which we were told we would be given rollaway beds. I have never encountered such nonsense in any hotel. They will do anything to make $$, including selling rooms that don't have beds in them. This happened after my friend and I were told we would have to sleep in one double bed -- we're both men and over 6' ft tall because there was nothing else available. First, what hotels these days only have one double bed in them and claim to have nothing else on reserve to solve these problems? And the best part: they really don't care. Just bring in the $$. We refused the rollaway beds and after, much arguing, ended up with a Murphy Bed, of all things. Again, beyond explanation. From the aged furnishings to plumbing problems, exorbitant food costs and poor ventilation system, 10 minute elevator waits and more, I hope Starwood sells this cash cow and then a committed hotel company with vision and passion can do something great with it.	
Oct 24 2008 	Made to feel unwelcome!	hotel room itself was beautiful and very clean, however, this is probably the worst service we have ever experienced! After a 10 hour drive to get to the hotel we spent 45minutes trying to get into the hotels car park {following the hotels directions}. Once in the car park we were “welcomed” by the valet guys.When checking in to the hotel the guy on the front desk was very rude and more or less threw our passports and credit card back at us.Once in our room it took 45 minutes for our bags to arrive. This is when we realised we had made a horrible mistake in coming to this hotel! The bell boy was totally unpleasant and threw our bags on the floor taking no care with them at all. We believe in tipping for good service, therefore due to the bad service we were not tipping this guy! When he realised he was not getting a tip he refused to leave our room! When he eventually did leave he slammed the door shut! Within the next 5 minutes we received 2 prank phone calls to our room.We decided that after such a long trip we would order room service, the food was delivered promptly, but was not worth the money at all. When the food was delivered to our room I lifted the pen to sign the bill and the waiter who delivered the food turned to my husband and asked him if I was “allowed” to sign for the food! When we looked at the bill we were quite shocked at how much of a tip the hotel had allocated their staff!The following morning we needed to print our tickets to Alcatraz, my husband spent an hour trying to arrange this with the concierge (we had our lap top with us it should have been a 5 minute thing). We were told that they could not let us wait at reception for our 1 sheet of paper it would be delivered to our room &amp; would cost $3!!! What a rip off!We found that any time we wanted to get out car from the very expensive car park we had to wait 20 minutes!The attitude of all the staff we met was awful, they made us feel totally unwelcome. An awful experience all round! We have stayed in Westin hotels many times in lots of different locations and this one was such a let down. When we left we were asked to fill out a customer satisfaction survey, I raised all the above points &amp; provided our home address, home phone number, work number, mobile numbers and e-mail address asking for a manager to contact me but no one ever has. was great &amp; very clean,	
Oct 20 2008 	Great location 	Location was excellent.This hotel is very &quot;grand&quot; at reception and ground level. However rooms in older part of hotel need updating. We stayed on the 10th floor but were accompanied by renovations taking place in a room on that floor from 7.30am on 2 mornings! Not acceptable and informed manager who was very apologetic etc. My warning with this hotel is don't make any calls from the phone in your room as you will be very upset when you view your bill on checking out.	
Oct 17 2008 	Overall pretty good	We stayed at the Westin for 5 nights in August and overall I was quite impressed. We loved the Michael Mina Cocktail Bar - Clock Bar,where the service was excellent and I saw one of the cast of Desperate Housewives!We didn't much rate the cafe area, the service was slow and the tea I ordered was practially room temperature - better off heading for Starbucks, there are plenty around!The room was quite small, but I suspect this is standard unless you pay for luxury, and it was adequate. The view was one of the other walls of the building, so gloomy, but we weren't there for the view really!We ate at the Cheesecake Factory at Macy's about 3 times, and loved it. The Cockatils there were great, and the food was excellent, although the wait time to get a table was a bit long on occasion.I would stay there again.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great Location!	We stayed here one night, but did not arrive until almost midnight! But this was a lovely hotel, fantastic location, wonderful shower and bed! Right across the street from Tiffany and Co (Whats not to love about that!)Would stay here again! No complaints!	
Oct 10 2008 	convenient but cookie cutter	Drawn to the St. Francis by the killer Expedia price of $199 per night for a tower room (also on a higher floor with a view), we were by no means disappointed by our stay since expectations were not over the top. Upon arrival in our rental car we did however; add another $50 to our tab per night for parking at the hotel. We were expecting a big price tag for overnight parking having parked rental cars in the city in the past, but come on. We opted for a room in the new tower because friends who’ve stayed in the older portion of the hotel said the rooms in that building were like cracker boxes. However our room was on the larger side, decently appointed and had an amazing view of the bay and city skyline. We never visit San Francisco to spend the weekend in our room, but the overall impression of the room was standard and cookie cutter. In my opinion that is sorta a Westin for you, but they are usually very clean (which this was) and have nice dining and guest lounges, which the St. Francis did as well. The real bonus of the St. Francis is the convenient location. Since it is right on Union Square, terrific shopping is literally right out your front door and you can hop a cab or cable car to hit other big tourist spots in the city. Point is if you are in the city to play tourist, then the St. Francis is a great home base. If I were to get another deal like the one we got for this stay, I would consider the St. Francis again; otherwise, I'd probably take my money elsewhere and find a more boutique/unique experience.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great Location and Hotel	This is a classic hotel in the heart of S.F. downtown shopping district. We stayed in the newer tower which I would recommend. It is well appointed and has newer furnishings than the older tower(stayed in that one last year). I love the heavenly bedding and shower...definitely adds to the value. There is a great bar and nightlife in the main lobby. Prices are high but that's the city. I would recommend parking yourself at the Union Square garage right in front of the St. Francis. It's only $31 a day rather than the hotels cost of $50 a day. I would also recommend using the metro to get around to other parts of the city...very inexpensive....$1.50So overall a great experience. Make sure you go to a Giants baseball game too....amazing stadium with a view :)	
Sep 29 2008 	Good Hotel Superb Location	My wife and I stayed at the Westin Saint Francis for two nights this past weekend. We were quite satisfied. The hotel is old (in the historic sense) and charming. Our room was small, but just what we expected from a hotel of this vintage. (It reminded us of the rooms in the good old New York hotels.) Check-in was pleasant, and we were suprised that we had a choice of rooms even though we arrived two or three hours earlier then their announced check-in time. Housekeeping was very good, and the room was clean and comfortable. And the concierge had excellent restaurant recommendations for lunch and dinner. Perhaps the best feature of the hotel is the location--right on Union Square.A couple of suggestions. Ask for a room away from the front of the hotel. You won't get a view, but you also won't be kept awake by city noise. And, if you need a cab for dinner, be prepared to wait 15 or 20 minutes in a queue in front of the hotel. Everyone else will likely need a cab when you do.	
Sep 24 2008 	Tiny Room Noisy plumbing kept me awake	I stay in this hotel on business and had two extremely different experiences. The first was lovely - as an SPG member I was upgraded to a nice room in the new tower. The room was spacious and quiet. The second experience was less pleasant. My flight was delayed from the east coast and I arrived in SF after midnight which is 3 am my time. I just wanted to get to sleep. I was given a room in the older tower and the hallways had a very musty odor (not a big deal). When I got to the room, I opened the door and tripped on the bed. This was without a doubt the smallest room I have every seen. I live in a studio in Manhattan so I am used to small spaces but this was ridiculous. I couldn't even move around in the room and had to put my suitcase in the closet to open and unpack because there was no room to put it on the floor and open it without me having to jump over it get around. When my colleague came by the next morning to pick me up for breakfast he was stunned by how small the room was and exclaimed &quot;This is the tiniest, most horrible room ever!&quot;Believe it or not, the tiny room wasn't the worst part. Because it was 3:00am my time I was exhausted and couldn't wait to get some sleep. In the middle of the night I was woken up by what I thought was thunder but later came to realize was the sound of my next door neighbor flushing the toilet. Every time some one in a neighboring room went to the bathroom, turned on the sink or took a shower a booming noise went through my room so there is a plumbing issue there. I am going to San Francisco this weekend for business again and I am not staying in this hotel even though it is the most convenient to Union Square which is where I need to be. I just am not willing to take my chances and end up in a shoebox that makes my little apartment seem like a palace.	
Sep 23 2008 	Easy and Elegant	My sister and I had a two night get-away and we couldn't have been more pleased with this hotel. We were able to use 'points' and were even upgraded to a room on the 27th floor overlooking the city and the Golden Gate Bridge. The rooms were a decent size and it was really quiet. You can't beat it for location. There is nothing negative I have to say about it.	
Sep 20 2008 	Shows its age even in the Tower Wing but quiet	Friendly check in which was quick and easy. All staff we met were very helpful.Our Room was on the 20th floor and a decent size. It was in the newer Tower Wing. As with all Westin hotels rooms it had very comfortable beds. Bathrooms are in marble and were maybe the nicest part of the room. The room was cleaned extremely well. Only real fault was a reading light that was completely broken and although we mentioned it to the cleaning lady after 5 nights it still was broken and looked likely to fall at any moment.The floor was a Starwood Preferred Floor but not sure what was different. You still have to pay $10 a day for Internet!Have stayed at the Hyatt on Union Square and I found this hotel quieter. The view was decent though just a few floors higher it would have been much nicer. The corridors could definitely do with redecorating and look from a different decade. Seems a shame as the rooms themselves seem more up to date.	
Sep 19 2008 	Just average for the price	Stayed in San Francisco for a couple of nights and chose St Francis for the location which is the main attraction. Apart from a very comfortable bed, the room was average. Bathroom well below 5 star standard and bring your own toiletries as the hotel offering was mediocre.Breakfast was good, very fresh cooked options, great coffee.Staff were average. Concierge not much help &quot; sorry we can't book Alcatraz for you.........&quot; no further offer of help.Next time I go, I will try somewhere else.	
Sep 17 2008 	I heart the St. Francis	We got married in San Francisco in July 2008, and the Westin St. Francis played a huge role in making our trip so wonderful! We had a corner room in the historic part of the hotel, and it was absolutely beautiful! It overlooked Union Square, which, while sometimes noisy (because you can actually open the windows) was perfect. On our first night, someone played the cello as we were falling asleep. Then sometime around 4am I had to close the window because A) it is San Francisco and it had cooled off considerably, and B) the garbage trucks were moving. The hotel was under minor renovation, but it wasn't loud or inconvenient (in fact, the guys doing the work were incredibly nice). I ordered my bouquet from the onsite florist (and I could have bought a slinky little honeymoon number from the Victoria's Secret also located in the building), and it was gorgeous. We bought souvenirs at the gift shop (which is nicer than many in the city). The history of the building alone makes it worth a visit, but having stayed in some very nice hotels in both the US and in Europe, I have to say that the St. Francis is definitely near the very top of my list. Room service was excellent; several friends sent champagne and strawberries to us, which were presented beautifully. The &quot;heavenly bed&quot; really was, and the bathroom was spacious with beautiful tile. Intricate crown moulding and beautiful glass door knobs were very nice touches. The closet was larger than the one in my home! I'll never stay anywhere else in San Francisco...I couldn't recommend the St. Francis more enthusiastically!	
Sep 14 2008 	Hotel Staff Were Very Helpful	My wife and I were there August 27 for an attorney conference. The room was not ready at one pm so we went out the front door and used our 3 day transit pass to hop on the cablecar down to the Wharf for lunch. When we returned the room (at a special conference rate) was still not ready and the front desk was very busy. Yet the receptionist found us a half studio way up the tower at the same rate. We took the glass elevator up and stepped into a room with windows on 2 sides overlooking the City (though no Westin bed). We flew back down and said yes we love it. When I thanked the manager at the desk area she was glad we were happy and sent us a wine basket to welcome us. So for a big busy conference hotel we were much impressed.	
Sep 13 2008 	My go-to hotel in San Francisco	As a business traveler, the St. Francis is in a perfect location right in the heart of downtown San Francisco. The front desk staff was very helpful to me on this particular trip, as I had left an item in my room upon check-out, returned five minutes later, and they quickly helped me retrieve the item. I love the size of the rooms, along with the big-screen television (HD for more channels would certainly be a plus). For a high rise hotel, I very rarely had to wait more than 15-30 seconds for an elevator - and the hotel was nearly at capacity.Only a couple things prevent this hotel from being five stars in my book - first, the closet doors in my room had obvious nicks in them that almost seemed calling out to be fixed. Also, the toilet fixtures don't seem to match the luxury image of the hotel. On the plus side, the Heavenly Bed is great, along with the views from the high-story rooms.Whenever I'm in San Francisco, I would stay here, especially since the price is typically the lowest of the Starwood properties in downtown San Francisco.	
Sep 10 2008 	Beautiful hotel but some problems with the cleaning service	I recently stayed at the Westin St. Francis for six nights using my Starwood points. The location of this hotel is great--easy walk to Nob Hill, Chinatown and of course Union Square. I was very pleased with the room, spacious and very clean and of course, the infamous Westin Heavenly Beds. The only thing that was troubling during the stay were some items were taken from my room. I noticed one thing immediately and reported it, and was reimbursed for the item, but after the cleaning service was in the room, it magically appeared again. On the way home I remember a gift that I had purchased for my daughter was also missing. I contacted the hotel twice and got absolutely no response about this. Luckily the items were not of significant value, but I wonder if anyone else who stayed at this hotel had a similar experience. I am surprised that a hotel of this caliber would not respond to even apologize about this. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest and have never had an experience such as this in one of their hotels.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great location shabby hotel	The location in Union Square is perfect--central, happening, terrific shops at your doorstep (for example Victoria's Secret off the main lobby and Chanel, Macy's and Max Mara a block away), but the rooms--and I stayed in three different rooms over a 5-day stay--were all shabby and each had problems (leaking pipes, non-working phones, bathtub and shower fixture handles that fell off when you turned the water on, tiles coming off the walls, etc.). I also found the lack of a standard hotel coffee shop a shortfall; sometimes you just want a salad or sandwich in the relative calm of your own hotel. It was fun staying there because of the immediate vicinity with its cool jazz bands on warm evenings and little wine bars and coffee shops around the corner, but next time I'll opt for the Ritz or one of the newer hotels.	
Sep 8 2008 	Always Great at the St. Francis	This is the second time in 15 years my wife and I stayed at the St. Francis. Like 15 years ago, our stay was great. We stayed in the old part of the hotel in a recently remodeled room with a view of Union Square. The room was extra large and very comfortabe. The staff was very helpful. Great hotel, great location.	
Sep 7 2008	Absolutely Wonderful!	The St. Francis is a lovely, historic hotel in the heart of San Francisco. Our family stayed there for several nights in late August and were amazed with the staff, large and historic rooms and location of the hotel. While everyone could agree that this is an older hotel, I would say that is part of its charm! How often do you get to stay in a hotel that has so much history! I look forward to my next stay there and would recommend this hotel to anyone! Did I mention the location? Perfect!	
Sep 5 2008 	St Francis	Overall, I liked the West St Francis. Minor annoyances:The restroom was in need of updating.I returned to my room while it was being cleaned. I had my daughter who is a toddler and was in need of a nap. The maid snaps at me and says key please and proceeds to verify that it works.I requested a fridge and they supplied a terrific one but they kept it on cart-like thing. I was concerned it could be tipped over.	
Aug 26 2008	A wonderful hotel with class	My daughters and I stayed at the St. Francis last week. From the moment we arrived, the staff was helpful and courteous. We were upgraded for an extra fee in the older part of the hotel. We loved the atmosphere of the room and found it charming. The location of the hotel is the best and the staff was helpful with directions and cabs. We look forward to staying there again and being in an older hotel that still has pleasant service and class.	
Aug 25 2008 	Good start to our honeymoon!	This was the start of our 3 week honeymoon. We were very excited about going to San Francisco and this hotel location was perfect! when we arrived our first room was really quite poor but my husband explained it was our honeymoon and we were upgraded to a lovely large room with a view of Union Square - thank goodness because if i was staying in the other room for 5 days I was checking out!!!The hotels location is its really only plus. Its a very dark hotel with a poor bar area - more like a Waiting lounge than a bar and not at all what i like - the bar in nice hotels makes a hotel this did not! there is nothing better than returning from your day or evening and having a lovely drink and people watching- this was disappointing. The hotel is also too large and impersonal - too many people bustling about but to be expected of a big city. Otherwise, for seeing san francisco it was great - not far from anywhere if you wanted to return with your shopping etc.I absolutely loved the city, the people, the shopping, the sights and the food and we will be back!	
Aug 21 2008 	Loved the location	I've always wanted to stay at the St. Francis due to the location right on Union Square as well as the history of the hotel. Our room 839 was in the historic part of the St. Francis and was a corner room looking north on Post. The room was lovely and very,very large (two double beds). I felt like I was staying in a lovely victorian mansion guest room with all the charm that goes with it. The beds were very comfortable and our room was very quiet. I feel that honor bars are something all hotels should do away with (who uses them?) and let guest keep water in the small refrigs. Who can't walk a block to the local market or Walgreens in this case and load up on snacks? The Food was good at the Oak Room the one night we ate in. For a great dinner experience at a reasonable San Fran price, walk 2 1/2 blks to John's Grill (63 Ellis St). Great Ceasar Salad and my sister loved the Halibut, the other diners' steaks looked great. This was my first time to visit San Francisco in August, I would recommend to avoid summer if possible, too crowded. Be sure to bring a coat and gloves, especially in the summer.Highlight of the trip...Mr. Toads tours. (www.mrtoadstours.com), worth every penny...try to get Kathy if possible. I have visited many times and even lived in the bay area 30+ yrs ago but I learned much and went places I didn't know about.Hoakiest...Blue and Gold cruise &quot;Escape from the Rock&quot;. If you are really interested in Alcatraz, take the offical cruise from Pier 33 ([--])	
Aug 20 2008 	Great stay at historic hotel!	We stayed at the Westin in August of 08. We were given a room on the 10th floor of the old building at the front of the hotel (facing Union Square). We had a partial view of Saks, Tiffany and Co. and other stores on the sqaure. Check in was very quick and the bellboy who took our bags up was extremely informative and friendly. He turned the thermostat down for us, showed us how to use the menu guide on the tv, explained where everything in the hotel was and the how to get to the cable cars, etc. Concierge very knowledgeable. We passed by a wine bar a few blocks from the square on our first night, and when I couldn't remember where it was (or its name) the next day, he knew exactly where it was and whipped out a map with a marked route to get us there. The hotel staff in general are very helpful and polite. We were lucky in that we were given what I guess is a larger room with king bed. Room was probably 20X12. The room was painted in soothing shades of creams/tans with white woodwork, coved ceiling and lots of crown moulding, a crystal chandelier, and large flat screen tv. Bathroom was small, but in great condition and well appointed. My husband's a triathlete, so we visit the gym in every hotel we stay in. He was very impressed with the gym at the Westin. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for location and historical charm. It seems other reviews complain about things like room size, small bathrooms, outdated decor, etc. This hotel is for those that enjoy the charm of historical buildings. If you're looking for a huge master suite type bathroom and olympic sized pool, go somewhere else. Only downside was paying $14 a day for internet and $16 a day for the gym. However, I scored a $189 a night rate through expedia, so didn't feel like we were overcharged on our stay. Great experience at the Westin!	
Aug 19 2008 	Outdated 	My brother's family &amp; my family stayed in 2 rooms in the Tower building for 7 nights. We do a lot of traveling and have stayed in many different hotels (everything from a Comfort Inn to the Mandarin Orientals &amp; the Penninsulas), and have never been as disappointed as we were with this hotel. We are definitely NOT picky people and ALWAYS try to give the benefit of the doubt to the hotel and their staff. I have NEVER given a hotel a one star rating &amp; that itself tells a lot on my part. In addition, I am a Starwood Preferred Guest and our last three hotel stays have been in Westins. We arrived at the hotel (our time 2 am-SF 11 pm) after traveling for 5 hours with a 9 mo. old &amp; another child. When we arrived at the hotel, not a single person asked if they could assist us with our luggage. They saw us, but didn't even bother to open the door as we were struggling with the baby and the luggage. After check-in (which went ok), we asked 3 different people (including front desk) for luggage assistance to our room. 20 minutes after checking in and STILL standing in the lobby, WE had to hunt the bellman down. We asked kindly if he could bring the luggage as quickly as possible, as we were extremely exhausted (esp. with the baby). He said it would be 10-15 minutes for him to deliver the luggage (which we had no problem with). After 30 minutes of waiting in our room, we called the front desk and complained that our luggage was not with us yet. The bellman came after another 10 minutes and proceeded to THROW our luggage into our room and tell us that we need to be more patient (this, after waiting 40 minutes for him to deliver the luggage)! He not only threw our luggage into the room, berated us for not being patient, but also slammed the door on the way out! By this time, it is after our 3 am! My sister-in-law called the manager and complained and they did give us breakfast the next morning, but it had already left a sour taste in our mouths. However, we still we willing to give the benefit of the doubt to the rest of the hotel &amp; their staff.We found the hotel staff and the hotel itself to be very unaccomodating (with the exception of the Concierge-they were very helpful), cold, and unwelcoming. We did not feel any comfort coming back to the hotel at the end of the day and really didn't feel like we could enjoy the lobby or anything. Although it was spacious, the rooms itself were cold, outdated, very worn out, dim, and did not make you feel comfortable (and these were the tower rooms-can't imagine what the old part felt like). The environment made us not want to spend any time in the hotel or the room. On top of that, room service was not only VERY expensive, but there were absolutely no choices on the menu. Our first night there, our daughter was starving. Since we don't eat meat, there was NOTHING on the menu that we could order. Even the kids menu was closed-not even pizza! So she had to settle for cookies &amp; milk! After that, we went out &amp; got food (there are numerous choices right outside the hotel).This is a HORRIBLE, unwelcoming, &amp; very old hotel and it needs some serious updating in every aspect of the hotel. Having paid approx. $300 a night (a piece for each of our rooms) for this hotel, we felt we had completely &amp; utterly wasted our money. For us, the hotel experience is half the vacation, and this was a complete waste. This hotel DOES NOT live up to the Westin name. Don't stay here. My brother stayed at the Hyatt Embarcadero hotel and he said that was a palace compared to this dump. Better off going someplace else.	
Aug 18 2008	Just ok hotel in great location	We stayed in a grand view room in the tower on the 25th floor. We had breathtaking views of the city and an exciting elevator ride everytime. You can't beat the location as it's close to all public transportation and the Powell Street cable car turnaround. You are paying for the location and the view. The rooms had been updated at some point, but really, they were just ok and nothing special. There were stains on the carpet. The Heavenly bed was not that comfortable. The room felt &quot;sparse&quot;.There is a big sign on the mini fridge - $25 cleaning fee for removing items to store personal items. So, like all the reviewers have stated before - don't even peek at the minifridge unless you want to buy something. They might have a sensor that charges you for looking! btw, there's a Walgreens close by where you can pick up cold drinks and snacks.Overall it was an adequate hotel stay, but that's all I can really say. It was just ok.	
Aug 11 2008 	Location location location....	The touristy part of San Francisco runs from Fisherman's Wharf where you can jump on a boat to visit Alcatraz all the way down to Union Square where all the major shops are. The Westin is based right on Union Square and is a short walk from the tram terminus, the shops, great restaurants, Chinatown etcThe staff were excellent and very friendly with the kids. Check in was swift and this is where the will you/won't you like this hotel lottery kicks in...the rooms. Some are great (ours was) and some are smaller then your bedroom closet. E mail ahead and get confirmation of a good spacious room on a higher floor (22nd floor and higher for the views) in the Tower block and you'll agree with all the positive reviews. Get given a broom cupboard and you'll agree with the negative reviews.Some tips for SF:1/ Book way in advance for the Alcatraz tours as they sell out quickly. Buy through alcatrazcruises as they run the boats and are the cheapest. Night time tour is good2/ Take a jumper/jacket even in the middle of Summer. It's cold out there in the bay3/ Ride the trams. $5.00 for a single journey. Take the old trams along the F route from Fishermans Wharf to see the non touristy parts of San Francisco 4/ If there's only 2 of you then wait at the traffic lights for the trams to stop and the driver may let you onboard. Queues at the start points can be lengthy5/ Don't get sucked in and eat at the breakfast restaurants recommended in the guidebooks. You will queue for an hour for the same breakfast as you can get at any place	
Aug 11 2008 	In the heart of SF lies a gem of a hotel!!	A year after our &quot;engagement&quot; in SF, my fiance and I decided to return to SF...I guess you can say we &quot;left our hearts in SF.&quot;We decided to stay at the landmark Westin St. Francis and thank goodness we did. We had the Golden Gate Suite (I'm pretty sure that was the name) on the 31st Floor and had the most phenomenal views of SF...breath-taking in fact. The room had a marble entry with a mini-kitchen, a luxurious dining table, beautifully upholstered couches and their Heavenly bed in the bedroom. The suite came equipped with a Bose CD player. Although the prior year we stayed in a Ritz Carlton suite (and that was gorgeous), we preferred the decor of the Westin suite better. That and the views are beyond words.The hotel, itself, gets very crowded. Many tourists love coming into the hotel to ride the glass elevators to the top to get a view of SF. But overall, we knew what to expect with a bustling hotel, in the heart of SF. The hotel was very kind when we mentioned we were celebrating our engagement (a year later) and surprised us with chocolate covered strawberries. Needless to say, this was NOT our last time, nor will it be our last time in SF.	
Aug 8 2008 	Westin Horror	We took a 12 hour flight plus an hour's drive to check in at $249/night plus tax and stayed here from April 17-21. My husband needed to attend a grand banquet sponsored by their company. Was given a small room in their old wing facing 2 walls and Union Square. After showering, I surfed the net for Sanfo spots and prepared to sleep when we heard 3 loud knocks from the room beside us. We informed the Operator to inform Front Desk/Security and provide us with a reason. Fifteen minutes passed w/o any answer and we called Front Desk. We were surprised that their reaction was to move us to another room w/c we find unacceptable since we were already too trip-weary. Duty Manager did not give a reason and insisted on moving us &quot;pronto&quot;. We thought of calling Police for additional assistance and ask him if he lives in Sanfo so we can ask for appropriate local number. He hung up. Husband proceeded to lobby to inquire why we are getting harassed by hotel room neighbour and was barred by hotel security from approaching Duty Manager who hung up. Hotel security said it is by law that they can/should prevent us from asking why and that room neighbour (from So. Africa) called 911 to complain about us being noisy. Who can afford to be noisy after a 12hour flight when all we felt was dozing like logs? We went back to our room feeling so tired, harassed, and discriminated after getting the answer we were clamouring for (why neighbour knocked on our wall). We hung the Do not Disturb sign on our door knob and felt all the jet lag vanish. We proceeded to write a letter when we heard a knock from Security telling us neighbour complained again bec our TV (set at 10/50) was too noisy. It was then that we concluded that our own security was in peril. We complained the following day to Hotel GM about bad experience and Security Director offered to move us to a different suite plus a free bfast at Oakroom. Not wanting to have a picky hotel neighbour, further aggravated by Duty Manager who does not want to listen and harassing Security people, we agreed to move. We thought that was the end of our misery.Day 2 bfast at Oakroom was too inferior from bfast I’ve had in other hotels (eg. Shangrila, Shanghai) in that price range. New 25F room in Tower wing was a lot roomier. After Housekeeping cleaned room, we saw 2 used champagne glasses left on bedside table. Ordered dinner room service that arrived promptly and afterwards, rolled table outside room to avoid food smell. Food table with leftovers was still there when we woke up following day. We toured city and went back that night to see the same food table in the hallway. Twin shower sprays comfort were overpriced when they did not even provide bedroom slippers, bubble bath, toothbrush/toothpaste, or a comb. Not that I do not carry my own toiletries but I’ve seen more luxurious treatment from lesser hotels like Sheraton Suzhou. Parking was $49 &lt;= day. Lobby lounge geometrical chairs infront of Michael Mina restaurant was falling apart aside from looking like a soggy soufflé. Saving grace: Gracious lobby host welcomed us very well and gave tips on what to see in SanFo. Slider sandwiches in Caruso were tasty. Everything went downhill after that since Hotel GM did not even bother to explain aside from his cursory “sorry” note.Overall, will not recommend nor think of going back. Not worth the hassle and worry we felt for the money paid. By the way, we learned that husband’s company blacklisted hotel due to many negative feedback from banquet attendees.	
Aug 6 2008 	They could do a lot better...	I have been to San Francisco four times in the past and had long dreamed of the glamour of staying at the Westin St Francis. I have to say that other than the fabulous lobby, the hotel did not live up to my expectations. Especially since we were on a 1 1/2 week trip that began in San Diego at the Marriott Gaslamp Quarter - the only other hotel on the trip that I could make a reasonable comparison to. And I have to say the service at that Marriott far out-distanced the service I received at this Westin. On the positive, I was very pleased with the room and creature comforts. The elevators were exciting for my son. And the lobby was elegant and exactly what I'd expected and hoped for. We drove up the coast and the service at the garage was superb. They have the best functioning electronic locks on the room door that I've ever used. Always a good thing with a toddler in tow. And this was the first hotel ever where I've had the luxury of TWO luggage rack things. It was greatly appreciated. Lastly, my 3 year old of course LOVED the outside glass tower elevators. Too bad our room wasn't up high enough to allow for a view of Union Square.On the down side, I found the wait time at check in and the concierge to be intolerable. When we checked in (at a reasonable time of about 5pm), there were 3 associates at the check in desk, but only one was assisting guests. It was a modest turn off, but I didn't think much of it.  In terms of service, calling down to Service &quot;Express&quot; usually turned out to be anything but express. Two or three of the approximately six times we called down, the phone rang at least 10 times before anyone picked up. Again, the calls were all made at reasonable hours of business operation. The first time I called down was right after check in, to request additional towels. The conversation was basically &quot;Hi, I'd like to request additional towels&quot;. &quot;You don't have towels in your room?&quot;. &quot;Yes, I do, but there are three of us and I'd like an additional couple of sets of towels&quot;. It seemed a bit rude to me and I'm just not sure why I had to explain myself when asking for a few extra towels. It's never happened to me before and I've stayed in many hotels in many big cities. Then, on our last morning my husband called down to request a slightly later check out. The associate who answered responded 'Um, HOW much later!?' I just thought it was all pretty rude. Other service related issues - we enjoyed the complimentary Starbucks in the coffee maker every morning. But found it unusual that even though we drank the caffeinated version, leaving behind the decaffeinated version, the housekeeper replaced the packets with only decaffeinated on both mornings! We did call and request caffeinated, and received it in response, but it was overall just odd and we didn't see how the housekeeper just didn't &quot;get it&quot;. The Westin Kids Club - I had read about it when I made the reservation months ago, but forgot about it on check in. My res included the fact that I was traveling with a child and my toddler son was with me at the check in desk. But we didn't receive any Kids Club amenities. In fact, I didn't remember about the Kids Club until I was filling out the feedback questionnaire. We found it particularly disturbing and unsanitary that refuse food related items were left in the hallway for approximately 24 hours each day. In the bathroom, there was an outlet that is pulled away slightly from the wall. Luckily my son can't reach it/had no interest in it. But it could be a hazard for an adult who doesn't pay much attention, as well. When I described this Westin to a friend, I said, it was good for a business traveler - comfortable rooms with nice amenities, but not for someone who has a lot of requests/needs when travelling, and definitely not ideal for a family in that sense. This is unfortunate, because I'd hoped that the Westin would be my future go-to hotel in San Francisco. But I will likely shop around next time.	
Aug 4 2008 	Terrible.... Extremley Loud Dirty Hard time sleeping	My stay was from July 27th through August 2nd of 2008. My stay at the Westin St.Francis was one of very mixed reviews. I will start with the good. The staff was incredible. Very polite, courteous and extremely professional. That goes from the front desk people all the way through to the cleaning and maintenance group. That was the good. Now the part you probably do not want to read about. The hotel nickel and dimed all of its guests. Pay to use the internet, a fee being accessed to your room every time you open the fridge and I could not believe it was $12.00 each time to use the Gym or $30 for the week. If that is what you can call it. If you want to do cardio on a treadmill or stepper they had it covered. Anyone wanting to do weight training was in trouble. The facility had 2 machines and some hand weights. Big problem if 2 people wanted to lift weights at the same time. Because they couldn't! There is not ample room to do so. As for the steam room that is advertised. What can I say. It doesn't work. There isn't steam in the steam room. It is sort of like a wet sauna. I never felt hot enough to work up the good sweat to clean out my pores. Enough about that. My biggest problem came with my room. It took 2 requests for someone to come up and clear my bath tub which drained very slowly. The bed was not very comfortable despite the cloud or heaven tag that was thrown on it and the noise that transferred from room-to-room and from the hallway was unbelievable. Half of my problem trying to sleep was from transferred noise that came from doors closing, toilets being flushed or showers being taken, conversations of other guest late at night and that damned ice machine. It was as though I was sleeping in a tent not a expensive posh hotel room. I felt there was very little privacy. If I can hear them I am sure they could hear me and my wife. Talk about killing romance. Finally and probably the biggest offense was the cleanliness of my room. Especially the bathroom. Let me explain. They have an infomercial running that states &quot;Smell that! That is clean air you are breathing.&quot; The Hotel takes great pride in the cleanliness of the air provided to its guests. My room was 723. The dust and hair hanging out of the vent in my bathroom horrified me and my wife. After 2 days at the hotel, I started to cough at night and sneeze. I thought I was getting a cold. Strangely it only happened at night. Then on Friday night I was taking a late night steamy hot shower to try to clear my lungs. I looked up at the vent above my shower. Right then I knew where all my problems were coming from. I also looked at the bathroom floor at the mold and dirt in the grout lines of our tiled floor. The room was clean looking at a quick glance but certainly not sanitized. Needless to say I did sleep at all that last night. Thinking about it made my condition worse.	
Jul 31 2008	Not a 4 star but a 3.5 star	Pros:- Location. It can't be beat. It's on Powell and Geary and close to almost everything you need in the city.Cons:- Rooms need some serious updating. The furniture is still from the 80s. I got upgraded to a deluxe room so the standard room was probably worse off. The only saving grace was that the room was spacious- Charged $12/day for use of fitness center. I expect this at perhaps a luxury resort but not at a Westin that is so much in need of renovation- Cleaning services could be more thorough/offer turndown service, etc.	
Jul 30 2008 	Westin St. Francis -- Not a Great Westin Experience	I was thrilled to be going on this trip to San Francisco with my husband as it was our first visit to the Bay area. I picked the Westin St. Francis because it looked rather nice and besides, with a Westin, how could you go wrong --- Not. We checked around 8:30 pm and Check in was the high point of our stay, it was swift and efficient. We were on the 29th Floor of the new tower and thought we would be spared the noise from a make shift music festival on the corner of Geary and Powell. No such luck. I had requested a refrigerator before we arrived because I knew we'd be checking in late, and was told by the Express Service Manager, that she had taken the liberty to arrange that service for me. I asked the front desk and was told that it would be there. It wasn't, and arrived only after I called 4 times. Finally at 11:30 pm, when I said, that I would like to go to sleep, they brought my refrigerator. They tell you that the cable car stops right at the door, what they don't tell you is that you won't get on the cable car unless you walk down to the turnaround on Market St, and only after you walk down Powell St., where every panhandler of San Francisco waits for a handout.We were supposed to have a city and bay view room. This was not the case, saw the city, but not the bay. Housekeeping in the hotel was okay, but there were days that my husband had to find the area where they threw out (or were supposed to) throw out the trash because ours wasn't picked up. I was taking a shower and went to turn the water off and the handle came off in my hand. This is hardly what you consider you'll be doing after paying $500 a night for this hotel.Twice the concierge gave me incorrect information on where to wait for a tour and then for the return shuttle to the airport.If you stay here, check your bill before you leave. I was there for 4 nights, and charged for 6 days of internet service (double charged on two of the days) as though they didn't make enough revenue on my room.Would I stay here again-- not in a million years and the management has heard from me via snail mail. This hotel does not live up to the standards of a Westin. They need to send the management to the Westin Moana Surfrider in Honolulu to learn the fine art of being a Westin property.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great location nice hotel with a lot of history!	Used my SPG points to get 2 free weekend nights in July 2008. Front desk offered to upgrade me to a junior suite but when I asked, she recommended I keep my original room because it was on the 29th floor corner in the New Tower, which meant I had 2 great panoramic views. The elevator ride up was a treat as it is attached to the outside facing Union Square. Some of the fellow riders seemed to find it a bit scary, but the view is magnificent once you get to the upper floors. The room was clean and spacious (by metropolitan hotel standards) with modern furniture and a 37 inch LCD tv. Their cable service offered HBO and a few other channels in HD. The room also included the Heavenly Bath and Heavenly pillowsets that are a staple of the Westin brand.Location was great as it's right in Union Square with plenty of shopping and lots of action right at our doorstep. During our stay, Union Sq hosted an art festival, the Indonesian culture festival, not to mention a Gay Rights march! For you sports fans, I saw Mark Grace and Kimbo Slice in the lobby and the Diamondbacks must have been staying there beause I frequently saw autograph seekers waiting outside. Both Chinatown and the SFMOMA are within 5-10 minute walking distance and plenty of restuarant options nearby. I found the concierge very helpful in guiding us with public transportation and recommending restaurants. My main beefs would be the cost of parking ($49/night) and internet service ($15/day). I suppose that's not outrageous for a city hotel but still tough to swallow nonetheless. Also, I didn't use the gym but they charge $12/day, free for SPG Platinum members. Overall, a nice upscale hotel with a lot of history. Definitely recommended.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great location pleasant stay nice room	I stayed in the Westin St. Francis for three nights during the week of July 21-28, 2008. The room I stayed in was attractive and clean. It was not large, but it was not tiny, either. It might have felt cramped for more than two people, although I stayed by myself because I was traveling for business. The bathroom was fairly small but well-lit and clean, and the shower water pressure was good. The hotel is historic and showing its age a little bit, but it is still beautiful. I enjoyed my stay and would stay here again.The location is fantastic. It is right on Union Square, and there is plenty of vehicular and pedestrian traffic on Powell Street night and day. BART and MUNI lines are very close by, only about three blocks.	
Jul 23 2008 	An Historic Hotel	The hotel is a grand place and quite beautiful. It is busy, busy, and set in the middle of a busy district-- but to see the City, the location is good. The room was quiet and adequate. The service was hit and miss. We had to request a bathrobe and that the burned out lightbulbs be replaced. The minibar continued to lock itself and we had to ask repeatedly for assistance (they can only unlock it technologically-- there is no key). The elevators are overused and clearly need some maintenance-- they worked sporadically. We were charged extra for internet connection and water, as well as $45/day for parking!! Overall fine, but the hotel is very old and needs some maintenance.	
Jul 23 2008 	Terribly needs renovations !	It is really a shame that this hotel carries the &quot;Westin&quot; name. While I understand that it has a &quot;historic&quot; block/building - I really don't expect that &quot;histroic&quot; means complete &quot;run down&quot;. The size of the room is ok - actually quite big (especially when it does not have much furnitures apart from a king-bed and small table). But this is about the only positive thing I could say. The photos on their website (particular about the historic block) are complete joke. We have paid over $230 for a room and felt completely ripped off. VERY DISAPPOINTED ! My advice is to avoid until it has completely renovated all the rooms. It just ruined its name and it should stop renting out those terrible rooms !	
Jul 21 2008 	Nice staff tiny room	The Westin is huge with different elevator banks and hallways - and the staff is wonderful and very friendly. The building is beautiful both outside and inside - there's a cafe and some shops available too. Location is central and on a pretty busy street with all the shops of Union Square right outside. The trolley is right across the street.My only complaint is the room. It was TINY. I live in NYC so I'm used to small rooms, but this is one small room! The coffee maker was in the closet. The entrance door opens right into the bed. You can't have the bathroom door open and the closet door open at the same time. The walls and doors were super thin. I heard everything next door - the TV, conversation, yawning - I heard everything in the hall too. The view was a brick wall. I think it was just my luck with the room assignment and thank goodness I traveled alone on this trip because this room was really meant for one person. I'd go back but I'd definitely make sure that I had a different room.	
Jul 21 2008 	Nice Quick Stay	I stayed at this hotel for one weekend night as I cashed in some Starwood points after a business trip to the city. The hotel itself is a grand hotel. The location is great if you want to be close to shops and restaurants. If you like old hotels where there are tens… and at times close to a hundred people walking around in the lobby, this hotel is for you. The lobby is busy with people walking here and there… congregating on the seats by the doors. The man who checked me into the hotel was quick and friendly. The room I received had a view of a sidestreet… not something you wish for on a long stay, but I was only there one night. However, the room was very quiet. The room was large and the accommodations were nice. The bathroom is the one spot I encountered some problems. The space was very crowded considering the size of the bedroom. The sink must have measured eight inches by four inches. I can only imagine a woman trying to use that bathroom with all her makeup… not good. However, the room was quiet and comfortable. I would not mind staying here again; I just would not go out of my way to stay at this hotel once more. I rated it above average as it has many positive attributes.	
Jul 20 2008 	Bed was heavinly but room and service was hellish...	Let me first say that because I have traveled all over the world and stayed in every conceivable accommodation from hostels and pensiones to some of the best hotels that the world has to offer, that I feel well &quot;qualified&quot; to offer my thoughts on this hotel. I will also state that I tend to take many negative hotel and travel reviews with a grain of salt as I believe that my expectations aren't unreasonable. Upon arriving, I checked in and politely asked if it was possible to receive a complimentary room upgrade to a view room in their tower building. My request was met with a question that I have never been asked before when requesting an upgrade which was &quot;what is your reason for requesting an upgrade?&quot; I stated that I just always ask. I was told that the hotel was at 100% occupancy (which I'm skeptical about since this is downtown S.F. on a weekend, the economy is in the tank and the high number of rooms and hotels in S.F.). After checking with the manager, the person at reception said that it couldn’t be done since the hotel was full. Now, I know many of you are probably thinking, this guy didn’t get an upgrade and is upset so thus, is writing a negative review. I have no problems with not getting the upgrade; I just found that being asked why I was asking (as though if I had the right answer it would have been possible) seemed rather odd.The reception person noted that I have a child and attempted to locate one of the gifts that the St. Francis gives to children travelers. He was unable to locate said gift (after he offered it...it was unsolicited) and stated that housekeeping would find one and deliver it to the room. It never arrived. I could live with this in addition to not getting the upgrade but it gets better...Arrive at the room which is very, make that incredibly small. I had read the other reviews on here indicating this and what others say is true. Now, I totally get that this is S.F. and that many of the rooms are more &quot;European&quot; style making them much smaller than the average American room but had I not booked this room through Priceline (as I always do when booking rooms in S.F. or L.A.) and paid less than half of the Westin's advertised rate, I would have been VERY disappointed. Not only was the room tiny, it did not appear to be well maintained or very clean. I should note that I find it interesting that the person at reception stated that the hotel was at 100% occupancy yet I was able to get a room through Priceline (which works off of excess inventory) just days before our trip.Another issue that we had was that my wife phoned down to the front desk and requested a crib for our daughter. She was told that &quot;one would be sent up right away.&quot; After waiting for well over an hour and due to the fact that we were exhausted, we gave up and the three of us slept in the one bed. Overall, I just cannot give this property very high marks especially after having stayed at others within close range of the St. Francis such as the Nikko, Parc 55 and Grand Hyatt all of which in my opinion are better hotels. I’ve stayed in the regular rooms at all of the properties and there is just no comparison in size and quality over the St. Francis.I must admit that I feel that for the first time that using Priceline perhaps was held against me however I certainly don’t feel bad or apologize for being a “savvy” traveler and one who likes get a good deal. One obvious question is that why would the check in person even check with the manager if we could upgrade if it weren’t possible? He seemed to waiver between 100% capacity and a possibility. That just seemed odd to me. I suppose my answer to the check in persons question would be that I travel a great deal and because of this, there is a very good chance that I/we may be back (although not to the St. Francis). In fact, S.F. is a city that we do frequent. I am also a person who because of the amount of traveling I do, is often asked for hotel recommendations. Lastly, I must admit that for the first time since using it, I feel as though booking through Priceline may have been held against me. I have no trouble paying full price for a room but as I’ve said, I like to get a good deal when I know they’re out there. In fact, I have three rooms reserved at the Wynn in Las Vegas next week. I look forward to being at the Wynn and at a property that unlike the St. Francis truly sets the bar very high.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great location	As you've previously read this is a great location with the trolley running right by the hotel, taxis lined up and ready for you, Union Square right in front.We had a nice corner room on the 25th floor with 180 degree views of the Golden Gate Bridge, Coit Tower, Union Square and the Bay. The glass elevators are wonderful providing great views on the way to and from your room and they are speedy. We had a great stay in San Francisco and enjoyed this location but there were few things not up to par.The Oak Room was just ok - actually the food was pretty good but the service was substandard. Most of the staff was cordial, friendly, and wanted to help in any way they could. However the expectation of a tip was obvious every time something was done for you.Our biggest complaint would be about the mini bar (refreshment center in the room). Each item you consume is charged a 20% service charge (tip) plus sales tax - this adds up! There was also a discrepancy in the amount we were charged and the amount of things we agreed that we consumed. Beware!	
Jul 13 2008 	Very Much Enjoyed Our Stay	I brought my family along for a 2-night business stay at the Westin St. Francis. We really enjoyed our time there. For me, a BIG part was my love of the historic architecture and knowing some of the history of the hotel before going there--it's one of the oldest buildings in San Francisco. The building really is a beauty and we stayed in the old part of the hotel. I have read that there is a bit of luck of the draw with these rooms. Our rooms had 2 double beds and was a nice size, although it had NO view to speak of (However the hotel is configured, our room looked across to someone else's room window--and they were getting changed right in front of it!). The room had a big closet, but no bureau for clothing, which I found odd. But our marble bath was immense (I've read other reviews where people got tiny baths.) The room was clean and updated, and I loved the baby blue paint and crown molding and crystal chandelier--the old-time elegance of the decoration was big for me. I always find the Westin bed comfortable. The cable car stops directly outside the hotel, which was convenient for my husband and 2 little kids who wanted to do typical sightseeing activities (ride the cable car, Fisherman's Wharf to Alcatraz, etc.) while I worked. I think the main floor layout is a little strange. Coming in off the front entrance, the common area there is a bit dark and dreary. The restaurant Michael Mina is there and construction is underway I think on a bar facing the restaurant. But the actual reception area is away from the street toward the back. The real lobby/reception area is bright and cheerful. I thought the staff was uniformly friendly and efficient (front desk, concierge, bar and breakfast restaurant). Overall, I just had 2 beefs about the hotel. First, our room adjoined another room and the walls were paper thin. The person's television on the other side was clear as a bell. But fortunately, they turned in early, so it didn't become a problem I had to deal with. This could be a big problem if you get unlucky in your neighbors. Second, I picked up a can of cookies from the minibar to read the ingredients and was charged instantly, though I put it back. i guess this is standard practice, but I find it annoying. They gave me no hassle about taking it off my bill on checkout, however. We did bring a rental car (and my husband took the kids to beautiful Muir Woods), but parking is a FORTUNE at the hotel garage--$50/night. You definitely don't need a car if you're not venturing outside the city. Otherwise, I got a corporate rate of about $220/night for the room. I think that's a great rate for this hotel, and not typical. If you are into soaking up the historic ambience, then I think you'll enjoy. If you decide not to stay, pop in and ride the glass Tower elevator to the top for a fun ride and good view.	
Jul 9 2008 	Nice Hotel but?	We have just returned from a Canada and Alaska trip and stayed 3 nights in the Westin St. Francis Hotel. We stayed in the historical section, and had what was described as a run of the house room. The room itself was fine but our room was right next to the elevator shaft and we could hear the elevators going up and down all night long. If you do decide to stay at this hotel make sure you do not get a room that backs onto the elevator shaft, apart from this we could not fault the hotel at all, the staff were very friendly and efficient. I would definately recommend this hotel as it is central to everything e.g. shopping, the cable car stops right in front and takes you down to Fisherman's Wharf and all the attractions in that area. There are some great places to eat in the area around the hotel and we felt safe walking around at night.	
Jul 8 2008	Shopperholics Dream	Located right in the centre of SF on Union Square within walking distance of Chinatown, top boutiques and restaurants. We were in the older tower (newer high rise behind it) and although the bedroom was spacious the bathroom was tiny and in need of refurbishment. The standard of cleaning left a lot to be desired and the main restaurant could not be booked at short notice for dinner because of the patronage of SF’s rich and wealthy. However, one thing one won’t do in SF is starve, as there are plenty of eateries close by. Hotel amenities included fitness and health spa plus business centre, however, other than the location there was really nothing to raise the hotel out of the average catagory.	
Jul 6 2008 	could have been better	Not really the westin standard. Location is excellent the view from the sqaure side rooms is wonderfull. The room s were really smaal. the bar staff not friendly. The frontdeks and concierge were excellent but the other staff was not really nice. we stayed here in the busy season between christmas and new years.	
Jul 5 2008	Who's opinion is right?	This hotel tends to get mixed reviews and I guess people ask the question, who's opinion is right? I think the answers is that they are probably all correct depending on how much you pay and what room you are assigned.I'd like to start by saying that if it's a good location you want then you couldn't do better. Not only is this Hotel on Union Square it is in fact the finest building on Union Square so you feel you really are staying in a true piece of American history. The lobby area is very traditional and has a real feel of turn of the century style without being dated (If you're looking for straight lines and minimalism or Ikea styling then look elsewhere).The luck of the draw comes with your room assignment as far as I can see. Myself and a friend both got rooms at the Westin St Francis, I upgraded to a traditional tower room and he got a standard in the old building. The room in the old building was tired and in real need of upgrading while I found the tower to be very comfortable and spacious. I think you'd have a right to feel let down if you paid full price and ended up with a standard room in the old building with a view of a wall.With regard to descriptions like 'heavenly bed' I must say I find these descriptions to generally be over the top but I must say that it is one very comfortable bed so I wouldn't argue too much about that. The room also had a nice large lcd tv with high definition channels and very good air conditioning which unlike many other hotels keeps your room at the same temperature throughout the day rather than you returning to the room and waiting an age for it to become comfortable again. The staff were also excellent and could not be faulted so I find it a little disappointing that whenever anyone has anything negative to say about the hotel on this web site the hotel representative seems to cut and paste a paragraph out of a hotel brochure as a reply rather than address the issue. I found the staff on the ground to be far more attentive than this.I would certainly recommend this hotel if you get the right room at the right price which I did so I'd like to thank the Westin st Francis for a very good stay.	
Jul 1 2008 	Reasonably nice but not entirely up to Westin standards	It's hard to be too critical given that our room rate (pay for two nights, get one free) worked out to about $105 a night for one of the small rooms in the older section of the hotel, but when they said without a view, they meant it. The window looked at a brick wall and the lack of morning light was really disconcerting. Internet access was a whopping $15/day, which seemed unreasonable given I can get free wireless at podunk hotels in Eastern WA (we travel for softball). The room decor was charming (blue walls, lots of crown moulding) and the huge LCD television actually had HD channels available, which was great. The bathrooms in the old section (built around the turn of the century, so it's understandable) were TINY - my husband and I couldn't brush our teeth at the same time. The location is excellent, just a few blocks from a BART station (only $5.35 from the airport, much cheaper than even the shared vans) and close to buses and the streetcar and the cable car runs in front of the hotel. The staff was very helpful, particularly when my husband got sick in the middle of the night. Overall I'd return, but not for the usual rates unless they merited a larger room with more light and free or cheaper internet, since we always rely on our laptop for excursion planning, flight check in, etc. One other helpful feature is that they will store your luggage if you have an evening flight, of which we took advantage and made our last day there a lot more enjoyable.	
Jun 24 2008 	Depends on your room	I redeemed some points for a room here for 4 nights. It's in a great location, right on the trolley line on union square. Initial nights were in the tower. Tower rooms are small but adequate with nice views. Air conditioning in our room was very noisy, so when we complained, we were switched to the old building, and were given a corner room (reportedly the -06 and -34 rooms are the best) and loved it. Lots of room, lovely view over the square, high ceilings - really great. I had an unusually hard time activating the internet connection ($13/d). If I were to stay here again, I'd ask for the old building overlooking the square. However, I would stay here again.	
Jun 19 2008 	Satisfactory stay	I stayed at the Westin for the Endo conference over a weekend after getting it through priceline. After reading some reviews here, I was a little nervous (people complaining about small beds, rooms, etc). I was relieved when I was given a room with kingsize bed. Did not have any good views since I was on the 4th floor and did not expect any perks since I was paying probably a third of what others were paying. It was a room right next to the elevator, but it was surprisingly quiet. The room was small but with a king-size bed, so I did not care. The decor is outdated (eighties salmon pink), but simple enough so it wasn't obnoxious. The flat screen tv was nice but for some reason, not all the channels were available and the menu option was not working. The mini fridge had snacks and minibar which were weighed so you were charged even if you lifted them up (which I thought was a little money-grubby). And yeah, there's an extra charge for internet and the use of the gym.One thing that bothered me despite my low expectations was that there was many strands of hair on the floor the first time I walked into the bathroom (obviously not mine). That was kinda gross.Overall, I am satisfied with the deal that I got through priceline, but seriously doubt I would stay there if I had to pay full price. My friends stayed at Parc 55, and the decor was nicer, they had kickass view, the gym was free and well-equipped, and it was half the price of Westin.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great stay at the St. Francis	We spent the weekend at the Westin St. Francis. We arrived at the hotel via BART from SFO, it is only a short 3 block walk up Powell and if you are looking to save a little money riding BART is not a bad option. Once at the hotel there was a short check-in line, but there was an employee greeting people in the line and thanking them for their patience. Once thru the line we were quickly checked in and head up to our room on the 26th floor. It is definitely worth the little extra for a higher room because of the view, but mainly because of the glass elevator ride each time you go to and from the room. The room was a nice size and had a flat screen TV (with actual HD programming) and of course the heavenly bed was great. We used the concierge a couple of time and Glen was great giving suggestions for things to do and places to eat, and remembered our names the second day we saw him. However one of the other concierges was not as friendly and he acted as we were inconveniencing him with numerous questions. The location is great right on Union Square, close to shopping and adjacent to the cable car line. If you are spending multiple days get the MUNI 3-day pass it is only $18 and you can ride the cable cars, electric street cars and buses as much as you like during the 3 days and save some money, as it is $5 to ride one way on the cable car.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Location!	This hotel was clean and beautiful. The location is the best. Great shopping is literally outside of your door. Would definitely stay again.	
Jun 7 2008 	Loved it - Historic and perfectly located	After a week touring Napa and Somona my husband and I topped off our trip with an overnight stay at the St. Francis. It was delightful from the minute we pulled into the parking garage till the minute we pulled out. We had booked a standard room in the old historic section (our choice) at the bargain rate of $159 per night. But upon check in we were upgraded to a corner room. It was small but beautifully furnished and well appointed. The bed was &quot;heavenly&quot; indeed. The staff was friendly and helpful. We loved stepping out the front door and getting right on the cable car. We would highly recommend it to anyone who is visiting San Francisco.	
Jun 5 2008 	Great SF Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the St Francis for 5 nights over Memorial Day Weekend. At check in , (two hours early and room was available), I mentioned we were there for our honeymoon. Later that day when returning from touring we were greeted by a bottle of fine champagne and cheese and crakers and fresh fruit. How generous and kind of the Management. We enjoyed our gift while looking out of our 32nd floor window at the city and bay. What wondefrul place to stay and enjoy the city. Our room was large and comfortable and very clean. The hotel location is superior, in easy reach of Chinatown and fine shopping. Easy access to the cable cars and the tram. (The Tram is a nice alternative to teh cable cars (can be very crowded) and tram can drop you at the ferry bldg or ride it all the way to the Wharf.) A grand stay ay a grand hotel. Easily accessable by BART from SFO and there is Hertz behind the hotel on Mason if a car is needed for a day trip.The Hotel staff was very professional and accomodating. Thanks Westin St Francis. We hope to visit you again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Historic and Wonderful	My husband and I travelled to San Francisco in May 2008 to visit family and planned 3 nights alone together at the St. Francis to celebrate our upcoming 15th wedding anniversary. The first two nights we paid for and we cashed in our Starwood points for the 3rd night. We had heard the older tower was small and not as modern, so we opted for a grand deluxe room in the newer tower and it was WONDERFUL. The Westin heavenly bed (exquisite bedlinens) and heavenly bath (large marble bath with 2 shower heads) were romantic and everything we could have dreamed of. Our room was quite large and had a breath-taking view of the city and the golden gate bridge. It also had a flatscreen tv, desk, leather chairs and a soft chaise lounge. It was all very clean, comfortable and perfect.The history of the hotel really appealed to me. As a classic movie fan, it was really cool to sleep where Ingrid Bergman, Charlie Chaplin and Ernest Hemingway once stayed. The lobby has several columned display cases with artifacts from each decade and we also purchased the book in the gift shop which had all of these items scanned and all the amazing stories of this hotel's rich history. The staff we met in the halls and in elevators were friendly and for the most part, every need we had was met very well. I especially appreciated being able to print boarding passes and check-in to our flight in a secluded corner of the lobby. We ate outside the hotel except for anniversary martini's at Caruso's - -$14 each was a little steeper than I would have expected, but it was a classy place, the service was excellent (despite being a busy Sat night), we were served pretzels and water as well and the drinks tasted delicious.My only beef with our stay at the St. Francis was the &quot;nickel and diming&quot; that seems to be a staple of the Sheraton hotel chain. We bought some food from Whole foods and removed some items from the minibar to refrigerate them - they were scanned from our fridge and we were charged $89.00. When we realized this was the case, we looked at the card in the room and it stated there was also a $25.00 re-stock and cleaning fee. But I calmly phoned the desk, and all of those charges were all removed without delay. The gentleman I talked to was polite, respectful and I was very pleased with his response. We also had some minor service issues. For one, we were told at check-in that our 3rd night was our starwood night and we could keep our same room and not have to report to the desk at all after night #2. But our 2nd morning, we were informed by the desk clerk that we needed to have our keys re-programmed. It was only a couple of minutes, and again everything was friendly and professional, but were given differing information by different staff which was frustrating.Also, when I called to inquire about internet fees, we were told by 2 different staff members that it was included no charge with our room. When our last, gratis night was complete we got a bill for all of our internet usage. When I took that bill to the front desk at check-out, I encountered my first rude staff member. The gentleman at the desk was quite abrupt that I was misinformed. Eventually he admitted &quot;30 dollars isn't a big deal and we'll remove it from your bill. But it is not free&quot;. His snarky implication that I was just being cheap frustrated me since 2 other staff had told us this. There seems to be a lapse in communicating policies among staff and while it certainly didn't ruin the experience, it was frustrating.Another reviewer mentioned the tower elevator. I agree it was swift but despite being easily car sick, the rise was usually over fast and the awesome view made up for it. We probably caught the elevator 15 times during our stay and only once were we waiting more than a couple of minutes for an elevator car during the peak check-in time in the afternoon.I LOVED this hotel. It was close to shopping and restaurants, beautiful, quiet, felt quite safe, classy and most of the staff really went the extra mile. We plan to return since we have family in the area, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the St. Francis again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Grand old hotel in excellent location	Perfect location on Union Square, lots of history built-in to the walls. Stayed in recently renovated room facing an inside courtyard which was nice but not exactly spacious. Very comfortable bed and ok entertainment system.	
Jun 1 2008 	Beautiful hotel	We stayed in the Westin St Francis for 4 nights. Check in was swift and easy. Our rom was on the 26th floor of the new tower and was beautiful, huge bed, fantastic bathroom and the view, well you couldn't ask for anything better. We could see right into Union square, the bay to the right and the edge of Alcatraz to the left. There was no noise from outside or inside and we got a paper most days. The ride in the lift we could have done all day! It was on the outside of the tower and had the same views as our room.The vicinity to the shops, restaurants and cinema was perfectWe had room service on our last night and it was delivered on its own table which we placed in the window and ate fantastic Kobe beef in front of that fantastic view. Totally unbeatable.Although a pricey end to our holiday, I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jun 1 2008 	OK but maybe needs a few tweaks!	This hotel is huge!! But one of the worse things about it - the elevator. It goes so fast that it actually makes you feel sick and not only that, you can wait 10 mins or so for one to come and they are pretty small.We had 2 rooms and couldn't get one near to each other - one was on the 3rd floor but the other on the 8th and then they asked to move our 8th floor room because of carpetting work. They moved us to a smaller room which stunk of cigarettes!! The staff weren't particuarly friendly. Although I had an amazing pedicure in the spa. The location is ok - beware of homeless people all outside though. The decor is nice, although there seems to be a few things that need updating, paint pealing etc. Would have been nice to have A/C too. Overpriced breakfast.But I have to say the beds were amazing, so comfortable. It felt like heaven!	
May 28 2008 	Perfect location!!!	We stayed at this hotel over our honeymoon!! we couldnt ask for better!! The staff were so helpful!! They upgraded us to a wonderful room!! This hotel was in the perfect location!! everything was on our doorstep or a short walk away!! The bed was massive and so comfortable!! We had a view of union square and it was fanastic wakin up in the morning to the fog layin on the top of buildings and at night lit up!! it was beautiful!! would stay at this hotel again!!!	
May 26 2008	Centrally located hotel with heritage	It's a typical city hotel with 4-stars. the rooms must have been renovated recently. they all are quite spacious, have a marble bathroom, new furniture, the usual expensive internet access and a brand new entertainment system (about 100 high-definition on-demand movies to choose from). The food is not spectacular there are better value-price offerings in walking distance around the hotel. Their premium restaurant &quot;Michael Mina&quot; (named after the chef) supposed to be better, but according to the menue also in the upper price level. The hotel is located centrally right next to the union square right in the shopping district (Macy's, Nieman Marcus and a few more shopping malls and shopping streets are in walking distance). Also in walking distance is China Town and Fishermen's warf. Rates are 195 USD per kingsize double; this is the usual price range for a hotel of this class (all the others known chains were more expensive).	
May 26 2008 	Love the hotel but this stay was disappointing	I travel to San Francisco two or three times a year, and one of my favorite destinations is the St. Francis. It's a wonderful location, right across the street from Union Square and just blocks from the city's Theater District.But my stay this past Memorial Day weekend was, overall, disappointing. First, the positives: the room was clean and the Heavenly Bed was as great as always! The lobby is lovely, and I love the way the hotel has leveraged its marvelous history by providing so many vintage pictures of its past glory days entertaining kings and presidents.The negatives, however, far outweighed the positives (at least on this visit):* Check-in was excruciatingly slow, even though we checked in at about 11 pm, with only one person in line in front of us. There were three people available to check guests in, but none was very efficient.* The coffee maker in our room was defective. When I called &quot;Service First&quot; to request a new one, the representative gave me the 5th degree on whether I'd properly operated the one in the room. We never did get a replacement, and decided to go to the Starbucks down the block instead.* There was paint peeling from the wall in the bathroom in about a 2 square foot area.* Even though I am a Starwood Gold Preferred Guest, we did not receive turndown service or a newspaper during our two nights at the St. Francis.* Our room had no hotel directory in the black portfolio provided in the room. Again, I contacted Service First to request one. It never came.I've stayed at the St. Francis five or six times in the past 5 years and--until now--have always had a very pleasant experience. I am hoping this past visit was an anomaly, not the beginning of a new trend.	
May 26 2008	can't beat the location on union square	my wife and i just stayed here for an extended weekend getaway. i got a great deal on priceline ($125+tax per night over the memorial day weekend). overall, the hotel stay was nice. the rooms were small, but not unexpected for an old hotel such as the st. francis. the rooms were a bit different than your standard anonymous modern hotel rooms (think chandeliers, tall ceilings, decorative wall moldings). the beds were indeed comfy thanks to the westin heavenly beds. the dual shower heads were a welcome relief after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. the hotel staff seemed friendly enough. my only complaint regarding the room was the noise. thankfully our neighbors were not loud and obnoxious, but i could definitely hear them talking and coughing very clearly through the walls. you can't beat the location of the hotel. it's facing union square on the powell street side which means walking distance to shopping and the cable cars. tons of walgreens drug stores around for any last minute needs. also convenient to many muni-bus lines which can take you to some great neighborhoods where some of the better restaurants are. it's also walking distance to the farmer's market at the ferry terminal building (around a 20 min walk). overall, a great stay at a great price from priceline and wonderful location.	
May 26 2008 	RIP OFF!	If you want to get ripped off then stay here! $49 a day to park your car that must be valeted if parked there is outrageous! (not to mentiion tipping the valet). Internet access is $14 a day. Rooms are small, wall paper in the halls need to be upgraded, elavators are too small, and the walls in the room are too thin. It feels like your neighbors and people in the hallway are in the room with you at night. Save your money! Use the extra $49 a day to stay at a better hotel and the extra $14 dollars to shop or eat.	
May 23 2008 	Over priced parking	My husband and I stayed here for our wedding night, and at first they put us in a tower room. We called down disappointed because the room was very business like and cold. They put us in the historic portion of the hotel, which was much prettier and had the charm we were looking for. It still didn't have the big bathtub that the lady on the phone boasted about as &quot;fitting more than 2 people in&quot;- LOL it was nothing but a standard tub. The next day when we went to check out, we were charged a whopping $63.00 for parking ONE NIGHT in their structure. This included an extra $7.50 charge for having an &quot;over sized vehicle&quot; (Ford F250 with 4 inch lift) I was infuriated at the blatant highway robbery! When the valet drove it up, he stood there like one of the homeless people (which are swarming that area anyway) with his hand out until we gave him a buck... so make that $64.00 for parking!!!!!!!!	
May 23 2008 	Consistently Improving	I have stayed at the Westin a number of times during 2007, and just had my first stay in 2008. My general sense was that there are some important improvements in service. I think that they do a great job in the spa. The hotel seems cleaner and the service that I received on this trip was really exceptional. The hotel let me do a late check out which really helped me out. I was trying to get down to Palo Alto and back and was able to do that by 1 pm. I just think that they have improved in many areas. My only note in this area (which is not hotel related) is that there are so many homeless who really need some help. That is true of this part of the City in general. It always creates a dilemma. You want to help out, but it is unclear what to do, but you can not walk a block without sometimes aggressively being approached. I wonder if the City could help out or if the businesses in the area could help them out. Tough issue and challenge.	
May 22 2008	Grand Dame	The St. Francis is one of the oldest structures in San Francisco -- having survived the 1906 Earthquake and Fire. It has retained its old charm and elegance, while incorporating modern touches and the restaurant, Michael Mina. It's Union Square location is perfect for first-time or seasoned San Francisco visitors, and is close to everything. The service was impeccable, the rooms quite large and room service was the best I have ever had. Although a bit pricey, the St. Francis is a must for anyone visiting San Francisco.	
May 20 2008 	Hotel 	Loved this hotel and staff was fabulous (everyone) Location was great &amp; would definitely stay here again. Had opportunity to speak to Director, who does a great job at this Westin. Everyone at this Westin does a great job &amp; will definitely stay here on my next visit to San Francisco.	
May 20 2008 	Disappointed at the Westin	I stayed at this hotel in 2007 for a conference I was attending in San Francisco and had a gorgeous room. I enjoyed the experience so much I recommended it to a coworker in 2008, even though it wasn't the closest hotel to our conference location. Unfortunately , this year we got the worst possible rooms but I 'll talk about my room only. There was peeling paint in the room and mold/mildew in the bathroom. I called the hotel about it, and the mold was scraped off , but not repainted. I was disappointed to say the least !Here is a pic of my bathroom with the mold scraped off the wall ... not cool at all !!	
May 19 2008 	Excellent Location	The hotel is very easy to get to from the Bart Station. Get off on the Powell stop. Go upstairs. Walk down the street following the cable cars. It's centrally located across the street from Union Square. There are several Walgreen's in a 6 block radius, so if you forget anything you can easily pick it up. The trolly car also stops in front of the hotel. The hotel itself is massive. When you walk in, there is a large entrance way where people hang out. The front desk is more in the middle across from Caruso's. (If you want a coffee or a light snack, get it here. The sandwiches are tasty.) The front desk people are VERY nice and quite helpful. That is true for the entire staff: from the concierge to the taxi queue men to the cleaning staff - all very friendly and helpful. I stayed in a standard king room. The room was quite small. There were scuff marks on the doors and walls. The bathtub stopper did not work, so as I was taking a bath, the water was draining... slowly. The walls were thin so I could hear everything. Even though the room was not on the street, I could still hear street noise. The best part of the room was the king bed! It was MASSIVE!!!!! I mean, we fit 4 people in it comfortably to take a picture! It was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. It had 9 pillows!! 9!!! The bed faced a 36&quot; LG flat screen TV. If I didn't have a wedding to go to, I could have stayed in the bed all day watching the telly! Overall, it is a very posh hotel. Excellent location. VERY COMFORTABLE BEDS!!! Friendly staff. I recommend staying there.	
May 19 2008 	2nd time at this hotel - once again a very nice experience	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin St. Francis last week for one night to chill out in the City before heading up to Napa.This time around we used Starwood points and stayed for free. You never quite know what you're going to get on a &quot;points&quot; room, but we were really happy with our room.We were on the 31st floor - and though we did not get a view of the bridge - we did have a view of the City, the hills and part of the Bay.The room was large with a four-poster bed, a chaise lounge, desk, armoire, flat panel TV, two large closets (in one is a fullsize ironing board and iron) and a HUGE marble bathroom. The vanity has two sinks (and a fullsize blowdryer) and in our bath we had a cabinet that housed the mini fridge inside and the coffee maker and snacks on the top.Remember to NOT remove any items from the fridge unless you intend to pay for them!!The bed was comfy - though I thought the Heavenly Bed would be a little more cushy/soft - my boyfriend liked that it wasn't. The bedding was nice with lots of pillows.I loved having the chaise lounge in the room! That was where I plunked down every chance I got! I think the only problem with the room is that we could never get it cool enough - which during the day is fine, but at night trying to sleep at 73 degrees is uncomfortable. Not sure if they had the thermostat rigged so it wouldn't go cooler - or if it was just because of the insane heat (94 degrees) and that we were on such a high floor.The concierge is very helpful, the front desk very friendly and the valets were super accomodating if we needed to keep the car close and just run up to the room for a second. Remember parking in the hotel will run you around $55 for two days.We had reservations for Michael Mina (in the hotel) for Thursday night, but decided we weren't hungry enough to fully appreciate it, so we went up one block to the Clift Hotel and had a bite at Asia de Cuba. What a fun space!! Connected to the restaurant is the Rosewood Room which was really beautiful. Great drinks and the food was really good!There are so many great choices for food within walking distance to the St. Francis! But if you are looking for an incredible dining experience, check out Michael Mina - but call ahead for reservations. I've eatten at the one in Vegas and I booked my dinner almost a month in advance. The food is excellent!A great stay at the Westin St, Francis and I would definitely recommend this to others!!	
May 13 2008	New Hotel with nice accomodations	I've just stayerd at The Westin hotel in San Francisco wich has a terrible name since it's called Market street and it's located at Third street, but on the other hand it has an excellent location, just 1 block away from all main business and commercial area at downtown SF and at the corner with Four Seasons hotel... Nice experience, nice price and excellent accomodations, although the lounge service was awful...	
May 9 2008 	Westin St. Francis--Management has improved	This was my second stay at the westin in under 2 years. Let me say that this trip was so much better than the last. Management went above and beyond to ensure that my stay was fantastic. I would encourage those who stay at the Westin and experience problems to contact the management as soon as possible to correct anything that goes wrong. It also seems that the hotel's customer service was superb this time around. I can truly say that this hotel is as fabulous as it's reputation, in a great location--transportation, fine restaurants, local in/expensive eateries, attractions, and shopping are all within 1-5 blocks of this hotel.	
May 5 2008 	Big Fan of the Westin St. Francis	I thoroughly enjoyed my recent stay at the Westin in St. Francis in Union Square. As some of the other reviews stated, it's in an ideal location, with a cable car stop right on the corner, and then several more, located on Powell Street. The concierge was particularly helpful, recommending great restaurants, and the entire staff of the hotel was very friendly and accomodating.The rooms were very nice, decorated in a classic style reminiscent of your typical San Francisco architecture. Despite the fact that my view was less than desirable, in a fantastic city like San Fran, there are amazing views on every corner!	
Apr 28 2008 	Wonderfull!!!!	We just got back from our stay at the Westin St Francis. My husband, myself and our 3 year old daughter had a great experience. We were a little leary to book this hotel because of the bad reviews that I read but I could not have been happier with the service. As soon as we arrived our daughter was treated like royalty. The front desk was very helpfull. The bellman were all so kind to us. Best of all when I booked our stay I put a note with our reservation that we were celebrating our 10th wedding anniversary there and could we have a good view from our room. We got a great view &amp; Champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and a huge chocolate cake on a plate with chocolate writing saying Happy 10th wedding anniversary. They went over and above by all means. We will definitly be back.	
Apr 16 2008	The very best location incredible value through Priceline	The Hotel is at a fantastic location opposite Union Square both lively, convenient and safe. Much much much better than Fisherman's wharf . Great shopping close by with fanastic restaurants. Cable car and other muni transport close by. Hotel has a great lobby, ambience, very friendly and knowledgeable staff, especially the concierge that helped us book a City and Muirwoods tour. Some noise at night, but we did not mind that at all since were traveling as a couple without the kids. A fantastic deal for $99 plus taxes through Priceline. Rooms were small but we were very clean and confortable with the Flat screen TV and super comfortable queen bed. Starbucks coffee in the room. USA Today and Wall Street Journal (reception) in the morning. Twin shower heads in Marble bathroom. Westin could invest a little to do some minor painting and minor touch ups.	
Apr 13 2008 	nice hotel overpriced	I got a &quot;special&quot; rate for a conference at this hotel... really the rate was not all that special at $279/night. And I was disappointed to have to pay $12/day for the gym... a tiny, cramped, 2-room gym w/ old equip and only 3 elliptical machines. The hotel is beautiful in the lobby area and some of the larger conference rooms are very ornate. Don't get me wrong, it was a nice room, comfy bed and nice shower... I'm just glad my company was paying. For my money, I would have tried to find a better value. Although, I'm pretty sure that the rate has something to do with the Union Square location as well.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great - but beware if a smoker!	So I spent five nights at the Westin back in February. We booked at a supposed reduced rate as we had a conference in the Moscone, but soon afterwards I heard that some people were getting their rooms for under $100 - ah well, not to worry.I also saw some split reviews for the St Francis which sort of worried us but we needn't have been concerned. The hotel is very big and whilst my room was quite small and overlooking a wall, I didn't go to SF to stay in my room so it wasn't a problem. The bed was comfy as all Westin's tend to be, and the shower was fine. I did have an issue where I couldn't turn off my tap (probably because I am a bit of a spanner), but it was quickly sorted.Staff were very friendly and helpful and you couldn't ask for a better location on Union Square!The only niggle I had and this is purely because I am a smoker, is that it was quite disconcerting smoking outside the building before the bell-hops got on duty as there was a tendency for every homeless person on Union Square to congregate around you. Those who fly in to SF from Europe will know all about the 'wake up at 4:00 syndrome' and smokers will recognise the need for a smoke when you wake up - just don't go outside before 06:30 (or try one of the other two entrances).All in all, a decent place in a good location with reasonable prices. Just don't take/hire a car - it was $50 a day or thereabouts to park!!!	
Apr 11 2008 	not a good hotel....	I spent Tuesday night this week in the Westin St. Francis and it was absolutely the worst hotel stay I have had in years. Checking in was fine but they had no 'standard rooms' available so I was asked if I would upgrade and stay in a union square view room that had a murphy bed. I specifically asked when checking in if the murphy bed was of the same quality as the heavenly beds. I was assured it was.The room was ok (nice flat screen TV), but I had asked them to turn down the bed (ie: flip it down from the wall) while i was out at dinner. Arriving back later I ended up in a bed with a 10 cm thick mattress, springs that could be felt through the sheet and this WAS NOT a Heavenly Bed!!! It was absolutely brutal and just like a hide a bed on an old sofa bed. For 300 per night i was shocked.Then to top it all off the lady in the room next door started smoking at 5am, in a non smoking hotel. I eventually called at 645am and security came and stopped the nonsense. So with the bed being the most important thing i was looking for being completely disappointing, I would have checked out on that basis alone, the smoking was just too much. I will never stay in this hotel again and cannot believe just how bad it was. This hotel is OLD, needs a renovation desperately so wait until this hotel with a great location does that and then you can stay here.	
Apr 10 2008	Historic and Good Location	Great Historic hotel. Location is literally right on Union Square. Rooms are average to above average. Obviously the style of the hotel is more historic. Furnishings were nice. Bathrooms were good but small in my opinion. Beautiful lobby. There is a Michael Mina restaurant off the lobby area in the hotel which is excellent.	
Apr 7 2008 	Elegant old hotel/great location	The best location in downtown San Francisco. The lobby is beautiful as are the rooms with crown molding and very high ceilings. We saw three rooms while there and they are all very different. Some are very,very small. If you do not like your room, ask to change. They accommodated us and we ended up with a great corner room. Do not accept any room with a 24 as an ending, like 724 or 824. These rooms abut the elevator which begins running at 5:30 AM. Also stay away from the Oak Room for breakfast, It cost us $140 for 4. We could not believe the prices for such an ordinary breakfast. Instead grab a coffee or juice along with a yogurt or bagel in the lobby deli. It will get you started for the day without spending all your money you will need later to shop on the Square.	
Mar 29 2008 	I Need to Shrink To use the Sink!	If this is a 4 star hotel then Motel 6 is a 5 star. Please DO NOT believe thier rateing system! The room was SO small that I could not open the door into the room WITHOUT hitting the bed. I had to CLIMB over that very same bed to get to the desk. And I won't even relay how I how to get to the bathroom.... If that what it was. It felt more like a prison latrine. Now I did book through price line and I thought I got a great price but BOY was I in for a shock. So I don't know who lies more The hotel, with it's dirty walls, chipping paint and CLUELESS staff. Or priceline. As for me I'm going back to Hyat.	
Mar 26 2008 	Just OK	I just stayed at the Westin St. Francis for 5 nights - it was an award stay, 11,500 Starpoints/night for a &quot;Grand Deluxe&quot; room.It was just barely ok. The grand deluxe rooms are basically higher-floor rooms in the tower. Ours appeared to be one of the smaller ones, and one of the few that faced west over the city rather than east over the bay, with part of the view blocked by a concrete bay.The &quot;Westinized&quot; room renovation appeared several years old and was in pretty bad shape. The walls were dirty, and all of the dark wood furniture and trim had bad nicks and scratches. The furniture in the main lobby was even worse - the cushions on the couches basically had no padding left.Service was friendly enough, but the only thing we specifically asked for (paper every day, WSJ + local paper) they never got right.Good location, but there must be better choices in SF.	
Mar 26 2008	not bad for the price we paid	We booked this hotel based on the price . WE got our room for $100.00 per night. Yes, it was a small room, only one bed but it was fine for us.The only down side was that the walls are not insulated well so we could hear everything in the room next door and in the hall.The location was great and we were able to walk just about everywhere we wanted to go.	
Mar 24 2008 	Thoroughly enjoyed the Westin St. Francis	Because my wife and I have stayed a little outside of downtown San Francisco in the past, we wanted to be right near Union Square this time. But I was a little leery of the Westin St. Francis because of some recent bad reviews on TripAdvisor. We love the location, so we took a chance and booked it for four nights. The end result: we had a wonderful experience. The room was clean, the staff very courteous, and the service was impeccable. I would go again tomorrow if I could.	
Mar 24 2008 	Rip Off	The Westin St. Francis is a historic hotel in San Francisco. There are 2 towers, the older one and the newer building. I was first given a room on the 10th floor in the older tower. It was horrible, the room smelled of urine from the bathroom, there was a horrible view of concrete from the building in front of it, the bed looked slept in, and the paint was coming off the ceiling. I wish I could remember the room #. After I complained, I was given a room in the new building. It was much more modern and clean. It was on the 16th floor and that, sadly to say was one of the highlights of the hotel it self, riding up and down the elevator.  The concierge desk was not helpful at all. Very minimal advice, unpleasant, no personality, no smiles!  Lastly and most importantly, A major rip off!!! You have to PAY for everything. I was charged $35.00 for using the internet in the business center for 20 mins. 6.00 for 2 copies. 14.99 a day for internet in the room, 12.00 o use the spa! Absolutely ridiculous. Don't stay here it wasn't Orth it. You'd be better off in a boutique hotel than the Westin!!!	
Mar 12 2008 	poor value	We stayed at this hotel from 6 – 11 March 2008. We had accumulated enough Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG) points for 2/5 nights to be free. We booked through SPG in early January and were told that the booked room was basic but that it should be easily upgradeable on arrival once blocks of rooms had been released as “we always strive to take care of our SPG guests”. Upon arrival we were assigned one of the smallest rooms in the old part of the hotel. The only other thing available had a Murphy bed! The attitude of the front desk was take it or leave it. Oh well… The room indeed was small but also on the worst side of the hotel. Each evening we were treated to drummers, rock bands or bag pipes on the sidewalk outside our room. Ear plugs solved that problem. A sensor on the door that controlled the air handling unit malfunctioned on the first night and chirped at us for several hours. Maintenance did come and fix it quickly once we figured out what it was. The room was so small that every time we took a shower the water vapor would make the smoke detector chirp at us. Since the window was frozen shut, we solved that problem by propping open the room door to the hall. The maintenance man did apologize for that but basically told us it was a function of the room being small. The peeling paint on the bathroom ceiling is also due to poor ventilation, but we were able to wash the flakes down the drain when we showered. We had 4 interactions with the front desk personnel. 3 of 4 encounters had all the charm of checking into a Motel 8. One young woman stared at her computer screen and never looked at us the entire time we were in front of her. She had us furnish all of our personal info, ID and credit card all over again when we transitioned from the 2 “reward” nights to regular nights. When I asked why we had to do so, her response was “that it was easier this way”. I was so dumfounded that I did not ask the logical question of “for whom?” Not all was lost, however. We were simply walking by at one point when a front desk woman greeted us and wished us a nice day. I watched her do this to many people in the lobby and when she had a customer in front of her, she was pleasant, smiling and courteous to all. On the positive side, housekeepers, the doormen and bellmen were excellent. The concierge service was delightful and surpassed our expectations. This was our first test of the SPG reward program and it did not meet our expectations. On the whole the experience was just simply “Ok”. Given the number of points we surrendered for 2 free nights and the expense of the regular nights, we felt we that just being “Ok” is poor value in return. We travel to San Francisco frequently and in the future we will happily settle for an equivalent room and service at a less well known chain for a lower price. Alternatively, we will only have to spend a bit more than we did at the St. Francis if we want a more luxurious experience. The SPG program will not be a factor in any future hotel reservations. If we wind up accruing points through whatever mechanism, that will be nice, but we will not be going out of our way to do so. The purpose of any reward program is to generate loyalty and repeat business. In this case it has had the opposite effect.	
Mar 11 2008	Historical Hotel in Convenient Setting	Having read the mixed reviews on Tripadvisor, I was somewhat hesitant to stay at the St. Francis. There were complaints about the property's upkeep, specifically in the older building bordering Union Square, and also allegations of bad service. I cannot comment on the condition of the older building, but the newer skyrise was absolutely fantastic. We stayed on the 27th floor which offered amazing views of Union Square, the financial district, the East Bay Bridge, the Coit Tower, and several other areas of the city. Our room was very sleek with the typical Westin heavenly shower and bed, along with an ample work space. The room service was very attentive, the concierge very knowledgeable, and the front desk very helpful with all inquiries. Perhaps the older part of the property isn't worth the price of admission, but the skyrise is more, shall we say, Westin. The entrance and reception areas are very cool, mixing San Francisco's bygone elegance with its hip modern persona. As far as the property's location, it doesn't get any better. The trolley system stops at your front door on Powell and you're within walking distance to all the major shopping in the city, as well as several excellent restaurants. I was very satisfied with my stay.	
Mar 6 2008 	Old section getting a bit long in the tooth	I travel to San Francisco at least once every year and have been staying in Starwood hotels since I joined their club about five years ago. I have bounced between the W, St. Regis &amp; St. Francis. What I do like about the St. Francis is the old section overlooking Union Square because the ceilings are high and the rooms have that sense of old San Francisco that I remember as a child staying there with my family. However, the best part is that the windows open wide letting in the cool S.F. air and the sounds of the city complete with the clanging cable cars traveling up and down Powell St. A view over Union Square to Tiffanys, Macys &amp; Nieman is so cIt y. It really doesn't get much better than that for a city experience. If you can time it right be sure to book a lower Union Square room to watch the Chinese New Year parade from your window.What I don't like about the St. Francis is that the new gourmet retaurant that has taken over what was one of the most wonderful hotel bars in the city. Nothing against the restaurant itself as I have yet to dine there. Cocktails are now relegated to the lobby which diminishes what was once a Grand entrance. Now the lobby is kept impossibly dim littered with too warn, never were attractive furnishings.All in all, I will probably opt sometime again in the future for the Union Square experience; but I do miss the bathrooms at the St. Regis.	
Mar 4 2008 	Superior Hotel in Upscale Union Square	After spending several nights in a competition hotel up the street, I finally had to throw in the towel and say, &quot;enough is enough.&quot; I walked down the street to the Westin St. Francis and walked directly up to the front desk and talked with a very friendly clerk. I explained my situation and asked if there were rooms available. I am a government employee and was on official business, and explained as such and asked if there were rooms available at the government rate. The clerk was more than helpful and was able to assist me. I explained that my family would be joining me on my last night and asked for a family friendly room. She said she would put me in a &quot;special&quot; room that she thought I would like. Needless to say, I was put into a HUGE room that was way more than adequate and way more than what I am used to while traveling on business! My only regret was that I hadn't stayed in this hotel the previous days!The staff at the Westin St. Francis were all more than helpful in helping us and making special accommodations that I had requested - a cot, a refrigerator, etc... The only down side of this hotel was the parking rate - at $49/night, I was a little discouraged. If I were traveling on my own, I would have looked for parking elsewhere, but since I was being reimbursed, it was alright.The bed was more than comfortable and it was the best night sleep I had gotten in almost a week!The only thing I can complain about is that my conference didn't last longer!!!	
Feb 29 2008 	Great Location	The hotel, as everyone else has stated, is in an incredible location. We arrived from London, and found the hotel quite quickly from the airport. We were in a deluxe room in the tower - and had a great view over Union Square. Do book a tower room, as I believe the &quot;historic&quot; rooms leave a lot to be desired. We only ate at the hotel for one breakfast (we stayed for 5 days) - and the food was pretty good. The bar wasn't great, but due to the fantastic location there are a number of cooler bars quite close by.The staff (esp. behind the desk and the concierge) were extremely helpful - and the only negative was the cost of parking at the hotel - or SUV was &quot;oversized&quot; and we were charged over $60 a day to park at the hotel. But, it is an expensive/premium hotel. All in all, a great hotel, and certainly one that I would use again (in fact I'm booked to go back in a couple of months).	
Feb 27 2008 	Great Location Tiny Room Not Great Service!	I've just returned from staying in the Westin St Francis while I attended a convention in town and spent a few days site seeing.The location is great (for shopping, not really for the covention centre), very central and right next to the cable car stop.The lobby of the hotel is impressive, and I have never seen so many entrances to one hotel, but the hotel room itself was tiny. I've had small rooms before, but this was the smallest I have ever stayed in. It was so small that the (very nice!) flatscreen TV had to be placed to the side of the bed at a very inconvenient angle so it was difficult to comfortably watch it. The bathroom was nice, good fittings and a nice shower. The bed itself was very comfortable and large.The only real complaint I have about this hotel is the way their mini bar system works. The mini bar/fridge was in a cupboard under the tv, which I used to store some documents in (the cupboard, not the fridge!). At no point did I even open the fridge, yet on the day I was due to depart I was given a mini bar bill for over $200! I spoke with reception, who were very off hand about it and insisted I must have removed things from the fridge as it is sensored. I insisted I had done no such thing, at which point they said even opening the door of the cupboard could set the sensors off and if I wanted to avoid getting a bill next time I shouldn't open the cupboard! They cancelled the charges, which was fine, but by that time they had already requested the money from my visa card so my bank back home stopped my card due to the large international transaction! It seems crazy that they can't get a mini bar which can tell the difference between you removing an item and opening the cupboard in which the mini bar is stored!! Anyway this is just a gripe of mine, the hotel was nice, and central and the other staff I encountered were very polite and helpful. Careful of the coffee shop/bar though - we went in there on 3 seperate occassions and they charged us 3 different prices for the same drinks!!	
Feb 24 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Awesome Location	I stayed at the Westin St. Francis on a business trip to San Francisco. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I will say though, that the room that I had was one of the smallest rooms ever. Of course, it was in the historic part of the hotel, so I didn't mind very much. There was even a small chandelier to add to the ambiance, which was a little weird though in such a small room. There was no view, the window just looked out onto another wall. The room was really cute and the desk chair was comfortable. One negative thing about the hotel is that they charge for internet unless you're in one of their expensive rooms. It's $14.95 per 24 hours, and it wasn't very fast despite the fact you were paying for it. They say they have T1 internet, but some of the time it was so slow that I thought I was on dial-up.Speaking of comfort, the bed was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on in my life. I didn't want to leave, because it was so much more comfortable than my bed at home! They call it the &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; and they aren't kidding. The pillows were also very soft and nice and not hard like most hotel room pillows.The shower was just as good as the bed. The shower had fantastic water pressure and two shower heads, which was great after a long flight where everything went wrong. Some of the towels were great, although I found that a couple that were there were obviously of a lesser quality than the other ones. They were much coarser. Luckily they gave me at least one of the nice, high quality ones each day that they changed out the towels.The room had a large flat screen TV, an honor bar, and they provided shampoo, conditioner, soap and lotion, as most hotels of this caliber do. I wasn't too keen on the smell of the shampoo but that's personal preference I suppose.Be warned that the main elevators are slower than molasses in the middle of winter, but there are another set about twenty yards down the hallway that are much faster. I always went to those while people were waiting forever in front of the main ones.The location was great, as the St Francis is right across from Union Square. The trolley cars came right by the hotel, and it was only a two block walk to the ticket office where you can buy day passes for the trolleys. Then you can get on and off right in front of the hotel. It's convenient to go to Fisherman's Wharf and the pier for Alcatraz on the trolley cars. It is also a short walk to China Town from the hotel.The location wasn't so great for the convention I was attending. The Muscone Convention Center is about a half mile, or six city blocks from the hotel. On the other hand, it was good for exercise, so I don't regret choosing to stay here for the convention.I would definitely stay at the Westin St. Francis again, for business or pleasure!	
Feb 21 2008	Disappointing	This hotel was disappointing. It was evident that Westin was cutting corners to maximize profit. The expensive rooms were cheaply and boringly furnished, with tired wall paper and no architectural detail. There were no basic extras, such as shower caps. There were crowds of people and almost always a long wait for the elevators. I expected more for my $300/night.	
Feb 20 2008 	Could have been better	We recently spent 3 nights at the Westin St Francis &amp; while we did enjoy our stay I felt there were a few things that could have been better. We received a very warm welcome on our arrival &amp; it all looked promising. We had just arrived from a very long international flight and had an extremely tired baby who needed to sleep. I had previously emailed and called from Australia to confirm a cot would be in our room on arrival. The girl checking us in advised it was not there yet but would be sent up immediately. After at least half and hour it still had not arrived so we decided to take her out for a walk. On our way through reception we asked again &amp; were assured it would be sent straight up. An hour and a half later we returned - still no cot! We finally rang exasperated and pleaded for one - finally it came about 20 minutes later. Not quite good enough &amp; something so simple should not take 3 requests.Other than that, the paint was pealing off the ceiling in our bathroom which was surprising and not up to standard for such a property.This is an extremely busy hotel so not the place to stay for a quiet relaxing time, however it is in a fantastic location and we were able to walk or take the cable car everywhere. The room was spacious and comfortable &amp; other than the pealing paint it was very nice. Staff were mostly all very friendly &amp; overall we did enjoy our stay.	
Feb 20 2008	Great service	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights Feb 16-19. We booked through travelocity and got a great deal with flights included. Our room was in the newer tower on the 16th floor and the rooms were of a good size. The elevator is something that you have to get used to if you don't like heights because it is a glass elevator which goes pretty fast. It does have a great view if you go a little higher to get above the rest of the skyline, we took a ride to the top floor and the view was amazing. When we arrived from the airport we took the BART to the Powell st exit and the hotel is a few blocks up the street. Also there is a kiosk right as you exit the Bart station to by multi-day passes for the muni transportation, which includes the cable cars. We checked our luggage and went to lunch because we were a bit too early for checkin. Check-in was very smooth and they sent up our bags immediately, I think we might have been in our room for 1-2 minutes when it arrived. Another time we called because we couldn't get our safe to work and again the service was excellent, help arrived within 5 mins. As mentioned in other reviews this location is perfect. With easy access to alot of public transportation and also taxis are always outside the hotel.There was one negative that we had the heating system made a very large clunking noise right before it was turning off. It did wake me up a few times. Another thing that I didn't mind but some might is that the bathroom was a shower only set-up.	
Feb 19 2008 	Average hotel great location	I travel to San Francisco regularly for work and have stayed at the Westin St. Francis for a total of three weeks over the past four months. Overall, the hotel is charming and the rooms are nice albeit visibly worn. Despite this, all the beds and showers are Westin's signature &quot;heavenly&quot; brand and therefore very comfortable. Most important, is the location of the hotel. Overlooking Union Square and steps away from shops galore, it's a refreshing change from staying at other hotels downtown, which can be located in the business area and therefore quite dead at night. I also prefer to be a little bit further from the business area just to have a change of scenery when I am done at the office.I would recommend the Westin St. Francis to anyone who likes the same and enjoys being in a more lively part of town. The hotel may be a bit old but the location certainly more than makes up for it!	
Feb 19 2008 	Don't pay full price	I booked the room through Priceline, and got it for $99. The hotel is in a great location, the bed was very comfortable as was the dual head shower. The room itself was very small, but clean. There was no view at all, but for $99 I didn't really expect one. My only complaint is that the walls are very thin. We were awaken by the staff vacuuming at 7:30am, cleaning someone's dishes in the hallway, etc. I felt we got a good deal for $99, I wouldn't pay more than that.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great location but disappointing	Location is this hotel's best feature - couldn't be better. We had a large, light corner room in the old section. However, the overall condition of the hotel was rather shabby - dim, poorly furnished lobby, paint and wallpaper peeling off the wall of our room, hooks in the bathroom falling out of the wall (and then just left there by the maid for 2 days), no light, paper or pen on the desk, no information about the hotel amenities (no pool?!) other than we had to pay $12/day per person to use the gym. The amenities are nicer at the Holiday Inn Express in any podunk town in America. Too bad, because this is a beautiful landmark hotel.	
Feb 18 2008	St. Francis is coasting on location 	Obviously, great location that can't be beat... cool hotel history, too. Very nice lobby. Good breakfast in the Oak Room (but pricey). That's it! It's all downhill from there... front desk staff: SURLY &amp; RUDE. (I've had much better service from airline staff checking in at the airport.) &quot;Historic&quot; rooms: dumpy, dingy, noisy, &amp; musty... 2 star at best. (We heard every toilet flush as well as neighbors having sex... not good). We won't be back.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great location	My husband and I stayed at the hotel last week. My husband was there for a conference and I was on holildays.The hotel looks good. The lobby is quite nice. We were in a king room in the older part of the building. The room was a good size if not big. The decoration was simple and a bit tired but pleasant.The location is really what made us choose the St Francis. Being right on Union Square it is hugely practical. Cable cars at the front, BART at the end of powell street and plenty of buses around for those wanting to catch public transport. Cabs always easy to get for the others. The walk to Fisherman's wharf takes about 25 minutes (Powell street is very steep!) and walking to the ferry terminal (to go to Sausalito) takes 10 to 15minutes if you go down post st and then market st.On the cons side, the service was poor. Sitting at the bar at the front if the hotel we had to wait 15 to 20 min for a drink. The other bar in the lobby wasn't very attractive and was very noisy. It felt like you were sitting at the check in counter. Concierge seemed quite annoyed when we asked for restaurant recommendations! Being more of a business hotel, it was quite noisy for 8am onwards.I would probably not recommend this hotel for a vacation.	
Feb 12 2008 	Westin St Francis is a stunning hotel overall	I stayed for three nights at the Westin St Francis in the newer tower building.As there were no twins available I had originally booked a standard double in the historic building but was shown to a standard queen room instead. The room was beautiful, though small, and everything was neat and clean. I had read reviews on this site that the older smaller rooms were dated and dirty but this was not the case at all. I did however get an extremely strange feeling in the room, and was not keen to stay for a reason that is unknown to me! We asked to be upgraded to the newer part of the hotel for an additional $35.00 per night, and as we left the old part of the hotel I mentioned to my sister that my right ear started ringing loudly as soon as we entered the room. She said her right ear was also ringing in the historic room... very spooky!Anyway, having upgraded to the tower room with two queen beds, we had absolutely no complaints. The room was massive, and the bathroom was incredible! The beds were heavenly as promised, and the dual shower was great too. It was well worth the extra money for the upgrade. The only thing even slightly disapointing was the view, (of some old buildings), but you can't have everything.Staff were friendly and helpful and the public areas of the hotel are stunning. I really enjoyed watching the documentary on the hotel tv channel about the history of the St Francis- fascinating!I would definitely love to return to the St Francis in the future.	
Feb 12 2008	Westin wins again	Typical great Westin experience, but even a cut above the rest of the Westin's I've stayed at. Front desk personnel was particularly helpful with extending my stay for an extra 3 days. Location was central and I plan to return for vacation (this was a work trip).	
Feb 12 2008 	Westin Union Square	Back from a great week in San Francisco, where we stayed at the Westin on Union Square for seven nights. As you've no doubt read elsewhere, the hotel is ideally located in the city, close to great shopping, sight-seeing, restaurants and all the excitement that was around Super Tuesday! It had us enraptured, even though we were visiting from abroad!The hotel checked us in, and we were given a very spacious room on the 10th floor of the tower block; the room was serviced every day; there was a coffee maker, hair-dryer, flat-screen tv, arm-chair, desk, and so on within the room. We found the concierge especially helpful throughout our stay. And we were only sad to leave!	
Jan 23 2008	Nice rooms and public area very poor service	This was my third time at the hotel. The first time I was put in the old building, and our room was terrible. The second time they comped my stay--had a great room overlooking Union Square in the new tower. This third time I booked 3 rooms. As an SPG gold member, I usually get upgrades. But the women who checked us in, would not even give us the king room we booked. My wife insisted on talking with the manager and we finally got our king room (but no upgrade). The room was in the old building, but it was recently renovated. The rooms was well furnished and appointed. But the service at the hotel is terrible. In addition to the check-in fiasco, we couldn't find a bellperson. They have one doorman for a 600+ room hotel. We ended up carrying our own luggage (including stroller) inside. Upon coming and going to the hotel, the doorman (even when he was not busy) never offered to help us lift our stroller over the steps of the hotel's front entrance. We asked the conceirge to recommend a good place for sushi. After a 5 minute wait, he came back with some places. We asked what he particuarly liked about them, and he said he just searched on Google for sushi. We ended up finding something ourselves since we know the area pretty well. So if you need a nice room in a good location, the St. Francis will fit the bill. But after staying in many SF hotels (we used to live in the city), we prefer the Omni, which has amazing service. Other good options are the Grand Hyatt and Marriott, both of which have better service than the St. Francis.	
Jan 23 2008 	"Excellent" Doesn't Do It Justice	The St. Francis has the best location in the City, overlooking Union Square and next to the City's best shopping. Rooms are huge, and when we stayed the hotel had just put in flat screen TVs in all the rooms. The room service was also excellent--extremely speedy. I had the Kobe beef burger and fries. Both were fantastic, and surprisingly about half the price normally charged by hotels in this league. All around best hotel experience I have had on the West Coast.	
Jan 23 2008	Great location	Just the best location in San Francisco for 1st time visitors. A hotel with a lot of history and a lot of class. Close to the big shops of Union Square and an easy ride to most city locations. The rooms are quite small but OK. The worst aspect of the stay was $55/day parking for a car which you will not use when in residence..... still I will return next time I am in SF	
Jan 15 2008 	Great Location	We stayed here one night on starpoints and the hotel location is the best. Right in the center of Union Square. The hotel itself smells a little old and it's a little dark too. We arrived at 10:30 am and the front desk managed to let us check in early, which was a plus. We were in the Historical Building and we were on the 4th floor. Our room totally looked onto Union Square and there were no obstructions. I had some issues with the hotel staff with helping me with directions and using the internet costs a min. of $10 (what a joke). The location is great, but not the best hotel. Our room was nice, but falling apart (ceiling was cracking, knobs on furniture missing and no pens in the room).	
Jan 14 2008 	NOT the typical SPG hotel much worse!	I recently spend a week at the St Francis on business; It was a fright from the moment I got to my floor. The doorman, front desk staff, and bell staff were attentive, but didn't warn me about my room... It was on a newly renovated floor that smelled of mothballs (I was told it was the new carpet), the whole 11th floor smelled so my window (which opened) was of little help. The bell staff that escorted me to my room noticed immediately that the room was not made up properly and left to collect the towels, robe, and missing pillow. The amenities were less then I would expect, I've received better at a Hampton Inn. They were happy to press my suits, but were unable to shine my shoes. Housekeeping skipped my room twice during my stay, and the hotel never offered an apology; only a &quot;they'll be right up.&quot; All in all, it was a beautiful hotel, but the room was far too small (albeit a old hotel) for the price and the door banged into the bed when I opened it.For the money, stay at the ritz or four seasons...	
Jan 7 2008 	Great place to stay	Reviewer: from Melbourne AustraliaWe checked in here for a 5 day stay over New Year. The staff at check in were wonderful when we checked in late after plane delays. We had asked for an upgrade and we were upgraded to a room on a higher floor without a problem. During our time there the staff were always friendly and helpful.The room was very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable and we slept very well. We did not use the mini bar as the cost was expensive. The fridge had a sensor so we were worried about even opening the fridge! The bathroom was a little small for a hotel of this rating but we made do.The location is great-right near Union Square but within walking distance of the Bay-via Market Street. We walked everywhere even down to Fisherman's Wharf. We had booked this with a package that included tours and airport transfers and we were very happy with the cost. We did not feel that the hotel was overly expensive. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great Hotel - Lives up to the Westin Name	Overall, this is a good example of a Westin property with nice public areas, excellent service and clean &amp; spacious guest rooms. I stayed here on Business this past week and will be back with my wife for a weekend trip very soon.Pros:- Very friendly staff- Elegant public areas- Excellent location - surrounded by shopping and places to eat- Overlooking Union Square- Very safe area to walk around and feel comfortable if you are a firsttime visitor- nice rooms with large LCD TV'sCons:- Not a family hotel per say, i.e. more designed for adult travellers- Parking is pricey $50+/day- no daily newspaper (I found this a bit unusual)- Wired Highspeed internet ($) available $8 for 2 hrs, $15 for 24hrsHelpful Tips:- Starbucks is 1-2 blocks away - Streetcars go by right outside the front door- 2 large movie theaters within 5 min walkTip on Visiting San Francisco:If you are a first time San Francisco visitor and want to do some exploring, I would recommend (weather permitting) jumping in a cab to Pier #39 (Pier #39 has food, shopping &amp; incredible views of alcatraz, Golden Gate Bridge, Sea Lions) . This is a touristy area and you arrange additional tours at this spot at your leisure.	
Dec 11 2007	Doesn't live up to the hype	We heard a lot of hype about this place but sadly it didn't live up to expectations. The location is fantastic, right in Union Square, everything you need is within walking distance. The building is also very impressive as is the lobby. That is where it ended. Due to it's location and it's use as a meeting place it is overrun with people who aren't staying there. So it was very crowded and not very relaxing. The biggest disappointment was the room, it was small and smelt/felt damp. The decor was very dated (a lot of the hotel felt like that) and we had real problems with noise due to a party taking place at the hotel. On the plus side security sorted that very quickly. Finally at check out our bags were taken outside while we waited for a taxi, I don't know where they stored them but someone spilt coffee all over my bag!! I don't think the hotel is worth the money.	
Dec 10 2007 	AWFUL!!!	This is truly the worst hotel experience I have ever had!! I don't even know where to begin. So I will start with the rude and inexperienced staff. Upon my arrival I found that my Grand-View room which I had paid $300 plus was &quot;not available.&quot; What, you may say? Yes, this was my reaction as well. They had overbooked that king rooms for that evening. I was placed in a dirty room with two double beds where the carpet had not been vacuumed, mold in the cups and paint chipping off the wall. The next morning I was notified that my room had opened up and that I would be moved into my correct room within the hour. SEVEN hours later there was still no room, they gave away my old one and lost my luggage that they were holding on to. An apology goes a long way...However don't hold your breath for one from the staff, who could care less. The staff was very dismissive and rude and in no hurry to fix their errors. I wouldn't even recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.	
Dec 7 2007 	Great location for a SF holiday!	I stayed at the Westin St. Francis for two nights and despite the fact that it is priced higher than your average hotel, it is definitely worth the investment, since the location is FANTASTIC and you are staying at a Westin afterall.If you are in SF only a short while, do yourself a favor and stay in Union Square, since that's where a lot of the action is for tourists. I've been to SF several times, but this was by far, my favorite hotel experience in the city to-date.	
Dec 6 2007	Great Holiday Spot	What a great spot for the holidays. Great restaurants and shopping are all just a short walk from the hotel.The room was nice but I did see some things that turned me off. For example: Stains on the curtains in the room and Hallways in desperate need of renovations.Some areas definitely need updating, but others are just great because they show the character of the hotel.Pros: Fast Check In, Perfect Location, great holiday abience, never let down by the Westin Beds.Cons: Outdated areas, Long Lines at the elevators, extremely long wait times for valet.I liked this hotel and would stay again.	
Dec 2 2007	Not worth it!	I stayed at this location for a technical training course I was taking at the Sir Francis Drake. When booking this reservation I did research and thought it was going to be a great experience, but it was not! For the price you are paying a night they can do so much more, but they don't. When I arrived from a delayed flight from NYC at 2am, they had their systems down so on top of an already tiring day, I had to wait to check in. Then when I get into my room there was an extra bed in the middle of the room. I informed the hotel immediately that they needed to remove the bed…they did not come. So through the middle of the night when I got up to go to the bathroom I would hit my foot on this contraption, unpleasant. They removed it two days into my stay! And lastly, they over charged my card holding over $1000. I had to speak with a manager and give him my phone to speak with VISA to correct the issue. It wasn’t corrected. Why am I paying for these troubles? I am a diehard Starwood fan, but this is just one of those places that just doesn’t live up to the brand!	
Dec 1 2007	Solid but not as great as most Westins	We stayed here over the Thanksgiving holiday. Having read how other Priceline customers have been treated, I went prepared to pay for a room upgrade. For an additional $35 a night, we were placed in one of the high rooms in the Tower with a spectacular view of the Golden Gate Bridge. The staff were incredibly friendly, though we forgot our toothpaste and waited an hour for someone to bring us some extra toothpaste packets. The hotel seemed busy, however, so that may be forgivable.The location is great and the hotel does have quite a bit of character. Still, I felt that the room furnishings were average (at best) - even in the newer Tower. We've stayed at more than our share of Westins over the years and this is, unfortunately, the least of all of them. Heavenly bed, yes, but everything else looked a little tired. Ironically, when we returned home to LA we were forced to evacuate our home because of a wildfire and stayed at a nearby Four Points Sheraton that was much nicer (and dramatically cheaper) than the Westin St Francis. I think this hotel is coasting a little too much on its history and quaintness, and Starwood really needs to sink some serious $$$ into this place to renovate it.	
Nov 29 2007 	St. Francis -- Loved it hated it (smile)	We stayed three nights at the St. Francis over the Thanksgiving weekend. GIving an overall score to our stay presents a conundrum; I can now understand both the good and great reviews and those at the other end of the spectrum.The hotel has about 600 rooms in the 12-story original building fronting Union Square--considered the exact center of San Francisco--and 600 rooms in the 32-story tower immediately behind the main building. The original building reopened in November, 1907, having been rebuilt after the 1906 earthquake and fire. Of all the hotels in the city, it has the strongest ties to San Francisco's history (together with the Fairmont and the Sheraton Palace). Everyone from US Presidents to British royalty to show business figures (beginning with Enrico Caruso, during the 1906 earthquake) has stayed here. Both the hotel's TV channel and its web site describe this rich and illustrious history.We requested and were given one of the rooms in the tower, which was completed in 1972. Each floor in the tower contains about 18 larger-than-average rooms (on the long sides), with four medium-size rooms at the end of each floor. (On the lower floors, these smaller rooms compensate with better views than the larger ones). The hotel was sold out, and the best we could do was one of the medium-sized rooms--showing its age just a bit, but completely satisfactory. The rooms in the original building vary much more greatly in size, from large suites down to the modest-sized rooms described by others. I appreciate the hotel's history. However, at least during our stay, the main (lobby) level was so over-full of people that it was hard to relax and fully appreciate what remains of its earlier history. The crowds lasted for the entire three days. We had breakfast two mornings in the Oak Room, the main restaurant for breakfast. The buffet was fairly comprehensive and seemed like a very fair value for $24.75 pp, including coffee and orange juice; there was a fair assortment of fresh fruits, several kinds of sausages and other breakfast meats, some croissants and blintzes. It was fine and fairly priced, though it was not quite up to breakfasts offered at some 5-star hotels.For me, room size and condition is a major consideration, and our room (in the tower) was fine if not exceptional. However, on the negative side, the crowds of hotel guests and passers-by seemed almost overwhelming and detracted from the attractive Christmas tree, Christmas decorations, 14-foot-high gingerbread house, and what I remembered as a more pleasant ambiance. I concur with others who regret the passing of the former beautiful lobby bar, the Compass Rose, now replaced with a very highly rated and expensive restaurant (Michael Minas). The old Compass Rose added greatly to the comfort and style of the main lobby, while the restaurant is semi-isolated.The other negative, to be avoided if possible, is the parking. It is $49.50 per night, which with tax totals $55.86. Normally, we would have parked directly across the street in the public garage under Union Square at $25 per 24 hours, but this option was not available given the crowds in downtown SF, coming to see the displays in the stores around the hotel (i.e. Macy's and Nieman Marcus, with Bloomingdale's, Nordstroms and other fine stores within a three-block walk).While I still have a fair degree of affection for the St. Francis, in the future I'm likely to look for a good hotel just a little bit removed from the vortex. However, first-time visitors to San Francisco, especially those without cars, may want to be in the exact center, with the cable car passing by in front and a multitude of places to eat and shop in the immediate vicinity.	
Nov 20 2007	We had a great experience	We booked online and paid a very reasonable rate. On checking in we had made a mistake and the room that we had booked had only one bed. Given that we were two independent travelers this was certainly not what we wanted. Roberto on the front desk found us an alternative and couldn't have been more helpful. He also gave us complimentary breakfast vouchers to welcome us. Our room was immaculately clean and very smart indeed. It was in the old main building and the quiet was amazing to me - being more used to thin hotel room walls. Breakfast included a great range of fresh fruit. Thanks to the great service I would come back again for sure.	
Nov 15 2007 	Horrible service at the St. Francis	This hotel was an extreme let down. There is a lot of hype about the St. Francis due to its' historical value in San Francisco, however, this is an example of when preservation goes too far. Aside from the dirty room, with lifted carpet, chains hanging on the wall for no reason, outdated furniture clearly not original to the hotel and damage to the walls and doors, this hotel was most dissapointing because of the horrible service. It took over 30 minutes for the staff to come to my room to help me with my bags despite my current disability and 20 minutes on hold with valet and another 20 minutes waiting for the car after I was told to come down to give them my claim ticket. Further, the staff would not even make change for my wife when we needed to break a $20 for tips for the staff (however this proved to be unnecessary as the staff was not deserving of tips anyway). Additionally, housekeeping came around 8:30 a.m. to clean the room I asked her not to come in as we were not awake and ready yet, after which she continued to come every 30 minutes even though we were checking out at 11:30 a.m. I have stayed at better Double Trees and will definitely stay at Le Meridien or Hotel Nikko for my future San Francisco trips.	
Nov 15 2007	Do not stay in the Historic wing	First the Good:Great location.Friendly staff.Comfortable Beds.Good LCD TV in room.Beautiful hotel lobby.Now the bad:Hotel has 2 wings. The &quot;Historic Section&quot; is old and outdated. I guess they call it historic to make it sound nicer. The entire floor smelled musty from years of use. The rooms smelled the same. Rooms were small. The furniture in my room looked like it was used as saw horses for a workbench. The health club was very small and charged $14 for the day. No treadmills.Very high prices. I got a great &quot;deal&quot; at $389/night. Expected a much better room. I had a view of the room across from me. Could not see anything of the street, but was able to hear it as a band played until about 10 PM in the park across the street.The St. Francis needs to renovate the &quot;historic&quot; wing or knock it down!	
Nov 12 2007 	Boo for the Westin St. Francis	I am sad to report that my experience at the St. Francis Westin was extremely substandard. To begin with, the rooms are extremely dated and run down. The bathroom was not cleaned well and there was no way I was going to take a bath in a tub that was still dirty. The bed was somewhat uncomfortable compared to other 5 star hotels I've stayed at. We had lunch at the Oak Room. The food was good but the restaurant was run down and the furniture was scratched and chipped - not what you expect at a 5 star hotel. You can eat at the main restaurant, Michael Mina, for $98 (price fix only), not including any wine. The lobby is now a more modern, Asian feel. There are no fresh florals, everything is straight lines and very cold. Way, way different from the way it used to be. High tea at the hotel is no longer offered. Parking is $50 per night and when we checked out, we had to wait to 1/2 hour to have our car delivered to us. No excuse to be shorthanded on valet parking employees when you are charging $50 per night! On an more positive note, the spa was excellent. I had two spa treatments and they were both wonderful. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, but you can make a spa reservation without being a hotel guest.	
Nov 11 2007	NOT a 4 or 5 star hotel	Traditionally reputed to be one of the best in the City, this hotel unfortunately disappointed again.Years back, on my wedding night of all things, this hotel told me I had no room (after making a reservation months in advance, ordering roses, champaign, etc.). Now, years later, I decided to give them another chance. Here's what I've experienced:Paid that little bit extra to get a room that overlooks Union square instead of ugly roofs. My wife, who visited the room first, told me the hallway and room smelled like urine. Thinking she was overly sensitive, I reserved my opinion.. When I arrived, I had to agree. Quite disappointing to pay the big bucks and smell urine.After trying to forget this, I take a shower. Wife notes as I'm getting out that there is a patch of long black hair on the shower wall. Neither she nor I have long black hair. Gross and no excuse.Then, tonight, the main restaurant and bar advises, at 11 pm on a Saturday night, after the big USC v. Cal football game, the bar is closed. Go to the reserve lobby bar which closed at 12:00. Closing this early on a busy night in the City? Are you kidding me? Based on my past experiences in the City, you can do much...much better elsewhere. I recommend the Omni or Hyatt for better experiences in the same (or lesser) price range but with better facilities and service for the price.Couldn't even order a movie without calling the front desk to order it without giving them my credit card no. Like they didn't have it already when I made reservation or my wife made spa reservation. Weak service for very high prices. You can certainly do better.St. Francis seems to be resting too comfortably on its old reputation. In the last few years, this hotel has gone down hill in getting rid of a classic restaurant, a separate good old SF bar and a nice lobby. All this without any mention of the $45+ they charge per night to park your car. Don't forget to add that steep charge to your room rate.	
Nov 4 2007 	An Old Classic	We just returned from a wedding in San Francisco where we stayed at the historic St. Francis on Union Square. We are loyal Westin customers and were looking forward to our stay. This historic classic hotel was built in 1904 and survived earthquakes and fires. It has stood the test of time, but even after a recent renovation in 2004, it has lost some of it's romance and charm. We had a very nice large corner room with a great view of Union Square on this beautiful fall day. The bed was comfortable but not up to par for their Heavenly Bed program. The room smelled musty as did the hallways. For a major upscale hotel chain like Westin, it did not live up to it's reputation. The service was just fair. One major disappointment was to see the famous lobby piano bar has been replaced with a modern upscale resturant by Michael Mena - a fine establishment but seemed out of place for the surrounding marble and granite architecture. Overall it was a good experience in a great location but not worth the $500 per night price tag.	
Nov 4 2007 	Beware interior rooms in historic portion of the hotel	I stayed 1 night in the historic portion of the hotel. Though I ahd booked a standard room, I was not told that the room had a full-sized bed and a shower. I changed to another interior room that had a queen-sized bed but the room's condition was the same as the first one: scratched, old furniture, out-dated carpet, and furniture that had seen far better days. The HVAC wasn't working well and we spent a stuffy night - fresh air was out since the one window overlooked the interior light well. The bathroom was clean and well outfitted, in stark contrast to the rest of the room. What was perhaps the most ironic part of the whole experience was that there was a flat screen HDTV in a room full of furniture and decor that was desperate to be updated. It was the first time I ever equated the terms &quot;dump&quot; and &quot;Westin.&quot; I do hear good things about the tower rooms; my thinking is that they neglected to provide the interior customers the same quality experience other customers may receive whilst at the hotel. So unfortunate.	
Oct 31 2007 	Nice Hotel...But	Without Priceline, this hotel would have been overpriced. The location was excellent, and the public spaces were very nice. Our room was small, relatively dirty given the price and smelled old and musty. Parking was crazy. Our Ford Edge was called an oversized SUV. Overall, I would look for a smaller, boutique hotel next time in the same area. We traveled with 3 total people and a larger room would have made things more comfortable.	
Oct 29 2007	Enjoyed our stay	The Westin St. Francis is located right off of Union Square, a prime location in San Francisco. There are a lot of restaurants nearby, and you're just a couple blocks away from the Powell Station of the MUNI, which allows you access to many other San Francisco neighborhoods. You're steps away from Chinatown, and you're along a cable car route to take you down to Fisherman's wharf. You just can't beat the location.My best recommendation would be to request staying in the towers of the hotel. Our first night, my husband and I were assigned to one of the more &quot;traditional&quot; rooms in the older area of the hotel. It was so tiny, there was only a double bed and not even room for a dresser. Because I'm pretty short, the shower was so small and the shower head was nonadjustable, I had to literally stand with my nose against the marble wall to get the water to hit my hair. It must have been the older construction or the high ceilings in our room, but I had a hard time sleeping that first night because our neighbor's pipes shrieked every time they turned on the sink or flushed the toilet.The next morning I called the front desk, and they cheerfully moved us to one of the rooms in the Towers for the remainder of our stay once one became available. This made a world of difference. Our room was three times the size, we had a king bed, dresser, enough floor space to do back flips if we wanted to, and a large and comfortable bathroom. And of course, the room was quiet and free from the noise of our neighbors. The staff was very considerate and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel, and will stay here again if in San Francisco. I cannot, however, comment on rates of the hotel. My husband was there for a conference and his medical program covered the cost of the hotel. If it was coming out of my own pocket, I may have considered something a little less pricey.	
Oct 25 2007 	Very good hotel	Very good hotel. Good relation between price and value. Great rooms.	
Oct 24 2007 	Highly recomended	This is a great hotel in the best location in the city. There's great shops &amp; places to eat nearby. We were on our honeymoon &amp; got an upgrade to a room in the new part of the hotel with great views over the city.The room was spacious and clean. Bed was very comfortable too. The bathroom was great with a double head on the shower. We had a few problems because I could'nt turn it off one morning. Eventually someone came to fix it &amp; I was told it was a common problem.One complaint - we had waiter service in the bar one evening . We ordered 2 glasses of wine &amp; got charged a 20% service charge to have the pleasure of having it brought 10 foot from the bar to our table. Rip off!!! My advice - if they say we'll bring your order over - queue for it instead!Lefty O'doules bar / cafe over the road is good &amp; reasonable for breakfast / dinner.Hotel is within walking distance of most things. On the basis of this vist, we will now be staying in the Westin Times Square NY next spring &amp; so thats how highly recomended this place is!!	
Oct 22 2007 	Kind of tough to review	The St. Francis is in a great area of San Francisco, right on Union Square. It is an old and distinguished hotel. The reason I think it's tough to review is there seems to be a wide variety of room types. For $300, I received a small interior room with a queen bed. Everything was clean and nice, but I like my window to have a view outside the building. This was one of the original rooms in the hotel (363). I was offerred an outside room if I'd accept a double bed instead of a queen, but the bed is important to me, so I declined. Elevators are dated and fewer than in a modern hotel (at least in my wing), but food and service were good (but pricey). If I were paying for the stay with my own money (instead of the company booking it for me), I'd stay elsewhere.	
Oct 22 2007 	beautiful hotel	We stayed at the westin st francis for 2 nights from 10th october and loved our stay here.we were on the 12th floor in a nice room, not a great view of a wall but hey, who sits looking out a window all day!the location is amazing and you can walk to anywhere from here, fantastic, although we were only there 2 nights, we cramed so much in, I had prebooked the city tour combined with Alcatraz and this was fabulous as you get to see all the city in about 4 hours then you got all afternoon on Alcatraz, it was awesome. booked through Tower Tours who were spot on!There are lots of shops and restaurants from any angle of the hotel and the famous cable cars stop right at the front door.The hotel was one of the first built of its kind so there are lots of oldy worldy touches but in some ways,very contemporary. I would definalely stay here again, they do say a room on 12thfloor, think its 1232 or 1234 is said to be haunted and its the most requested room apparantly, we were in 1252 and heard nothing at all!!I work for thomas cook and will be recommending the westin, staff were all extremely friendly and i signed up as a starwood prefereed guest before i went and got a paper every morning and bathrobes, nice touch,thanks westin	
Oct 18 2007 	do not waste your money $$$ - stay at another vip hotel	I read through many reviews on this site and found that this hotel seem to have the best and after friends and family said it would be nice for the location, I chose to stay. What a mistake! There are too many more hotels to choose from - don't make the same mistake I did.I did fill out the survey card left with my express check out. The next morning I received an email from the hotel, I assume it was a courtesy email that everyone gets after their stay.My response to their question: &quot;Please let us know how your stay was&quot;Dear, XXXI think it is important for you to know what you customers experience so that in the future other customers will not have to experience the same.I was very excited about staying at your hotel as friends and co-workers told me that it was a great location and one of the nicest that they had heard of, and some even had family and friends stay there when they visited.My son came to visit me for the weekend and most all the hotels were booked in the area. I usually stay at the Hyatt Regency on Embarcadero however; they were booked for the nights we wanted to stay in the city. I have four adult children, two grandchildren, and many friends that visit from Texas, Montana, and Florida often and enjoy staying in the city a couple of nights when they visit. For some they love the Union Square area for shopping and others love the Wharf.Our stay did not get off on the right foot to begin with, we arrived in the city about 1:45PM and I called ahead to see if I could valet my car and see when the earliest we could check in, I hoped for 2:00 or 2:30PM since my reservation said 3PM check in. The person at the front desk told me that my room would not be ready until 4 or 5pm because the guests in that room had a late check out. When I said is that the only room you have, they said yes with the view you want and the high floor. They told me that housekeeping would not be able to finish those high floors before 4 or 5pm and that I could have a lower floor without a view of the city.I wasn’t to happy about that since we had arrived expecting to check in at least by 3pm, get dressed for our adventure on the night Alcatraz tour at 5:15pm. We were very disappointed that we had to wait around in the rain and not be able to change for the 5:15PM tour as we had planned. It was not a good situation. However, we made the best of it and after the tour on the Island; we arrive late at the hotel and checked in.I would have thought that if a guest were paying over $600.00 dollars a night for a room the quality of service would have been a lot better. I could have stayed at a motel 6 and got the same customer service. Your staff did not seem to care weather we got our room or not, there was a too bad attitude and I did not care much for that.In the morning we went out the front door about 10:50AM and ask the door man standing on the curb where the best place to have breakfast was, he laughed at me and said, “Lady breakfast is over by 11AM everywhere and your not going to find it anywhere”. You might tell your doorman that just a few doors down on the same block they have breakfast and 2-blocks up there is a great little dinner that offer’s it 24/7.Our experience was less than wonderful, and your staff was rude for the exception of the bellhop that helped us out the next morning and valet. I was not impressed with the bellhop that delivered our bags to our room since he was at the elevator before us and as I rounded the corner by the Concierge Desk, I noticed a black leather jacket lying on the floor. As I passed by it, I thought wow that looks like mine and when I turned the corner where the elevators where there was our cart and the bellhop was being told he dropped something and he went back to pickup my jacket off of the floor. I room was nice however I was surprise with the quality of the TV, not what I expected for such an elaborately decorated Hotel. Furniture was different colors of wood, looked bad like they just through whatever they had in there.Overall, I think it could have been a great stay and I am sure not all of your guests experience the same as we did; however, the cost in no way equaled our experience. That night I would have preferred to drive 35 minutes back to Sam Ramon and stay at my own house.I would not plan to stay at this hotel again and I would most likely not recommend it as I do not feel the quality of customer service is there since there were more than two individuals employed there that were not customer friendly.On a lighter note, I do want you to know that I am more often motivated to right a job well done letter to companies, rather than a disappointed letter, as I believe everyone has a bad day. I made this an exception because it just seemed so not right for the value. I am all about customer service, you can have the greatest product to offer, however if it is not presented well, it has no value to me. I hope you will investigate and make improvements for your future guests as I think your hotel is beautiful on the surface.Respectfully,Guest in room 3084The response I got was from another department head asking me to name names, like I ran around the whole time, taking names and wasting my time on their problems. I gave enough information to them that they could have verified that I did check in late and I valeted around 2PM that day, why would I have hung out in the rain, if anyone remembers it rained hard on Oct 12th. I have to give them credit for offerring to upgrade my next stay, like I would through away any more money on that to see if I could be any more miserable. NOT, I declined the anytime upgrade and you know why, I think someone should have called me in person, but they didn't they chose to email me back an forth, wasting more of my time for nothing. If they really did have the attitude that they strive for the best, they would have offered me a free night, even if it was an off-night to show me the service could be better. I didn't want anything free however the thought would have made the differenc for me. The rooms are NOT worth the money my total was $618 for one night, imagine I knew that before I booked it, that is why I booked a nice hotel. Oh! well we live and we learn, I have stayed at better and look forward to better nights in SFO when my family and friends visit. If you chose to stay here, I hope you get better treatment than I do. And FYI - there are a lot of places that serve breakfast after 11AM.Have a great day,Unhappy guest that stayed at this hotel.	
Oct 18 2007	Fantastic Location Stylish Rooms	We had a room overlooking Union Sq on 12th floor, so you couldn't hear a thing from the outside world. The old building rooms are much more European and stylish (we saw a room in the Tower and whilst they are comfortable they could have been a room anywhere). We had a big plasma tv and a heavenly bed - what more could you ask for! The bathroom is on the smaller size but the shower is powerful and there was enough room for both of our products. The location is perfect for shopping or catching a tram along Powell St or Market St down to the Ferry Building. Room service were always prompt and polite and our check in experience was quick and efficient. Overall I would highly recommend the Westin. If you ever get to Australia the Sydney and Melbourne Westins are the best in the world so give them a go.	
Oct 17 2007 	Always First Rate!	Deciding to do something a little different, we booked our weekend at the Prescott Hotel around the corner. We lasted five minutes before returning to the St Francis to beg for a room! We have stayed in the newer tower with spectacular views to Golden gate, Alcatraz, Bay Bridge... but this time we overlooked Union Square park in a HUGE room with smaller bath. Still... it far exceeded the size of the Prescott, whose hallways, elevators, and rooms (at $400/nt) are uninhabitably small. We will NOT be experimenting again. Why argue with perfection?! We LOVE the St Francis!	
Oct 14 2007 	The St. Francis Hotel Haunted?...	My husband and I checked in at this hotel and were told that the hotel was sold out and the only rooms they had available were standard rooms with one full size bed. We were given a room on the 3rd floor in the old part of the hotel. The lobby was beautiful but as soon as we approached the elevator we felt very creepy. The door to the elevator was brass and huge but the elevator was small inside. We got out of the elevator and found ourselves in these creepy long hallways with red carpeting. There were staircases and we heard people walking up and down the staircase but didn't see anyone. The hallways were very long and narrow and the room numbers on the door were not in order. We proceeded to our room and were amazed to see that the adjacent doors were in a 45 degree angle. As soon as we opened the door we felt goosebumps. The room was very small with a small bed and a T.V that was not directly across from the bed. It was freezing cold in the room and the thermostat said it was 60 degrees. We were wearing jackets and were still freezing. We set the temperature to 80 degrees. But the room did not seem to warm up at all. We got up and looked out of the window and saw another window about 10 feet away. There was a walkway between the two windows which seemed very freaky and unsafe. I went to go brush my teeth and get ready for bed. When I got out of the bathroom I noticed the curtain of the window blowing. I moved the curtain and saw that the window was open. I freaked out and ran to my husband and grabbed his arm. He looked at the window and confirmed that the same window we looked out of that was shut ten minutes ago was now open. We grabbed our bags and ran out of the room in our pajamas. Also the chandelier made a shadow on the wall that didn't look anything like the chandilier. It looked like three images of people with there arms up like they were about to attack us. Also when we sat in this room for about half an hour we noticed that the curtain of the other window kept sliding open about an inch every few minutes. And, while we sat in the room for and debated whether or not to stay here we heard doors opening and closing next door but when we looked out of the peephole we didn't see anything. However we heard woices of two men arguing. This was a very scary experience. I have read a lot of good reviews about the hotels new tower, which maybe true but I really feel that there is something freaky about the old tower and that we were not alone in this room. Whoever was in it with us wanted us to leave....	
Oct 14 2007 	Great experience	I stayed here three nights with my husband on a business trip with a large group from work. Some stayed in the new tower, but many of us (like myself) stayed in the historic tower. We ended up getting to town earlier than expected and were actually allowed to check in early. We were given a corner room on the 11th floor overlooking Union Square. Our room was very nice and definitely historical (i.e. they don't make them like this anymore). We had a pretty chandelier in our room My husband said the hallways reminded him of the Shining, but that's just the era it was built. The bathroom was fancy, although small. We didn't have a coffee maker in our room- some of our group did, so who knows what was the deal with that. Also, the rooms are gradually getting plasma tv's, but we didn't have one (think they are working from the bottom up.) The bed was comfortable and the shower was pretty nice. I didn't have any room complaints- although some in our group had shabbier or smaller rooms with lesser views although they were the same class of room (deluxe queen.)The elevators were pretty quick for the age. I was impressed.Staff was mostly nice. The concierge did screw us up a little bit with taxi recommendations, but not a major deal. We had a less than friendly server at the Oak Room. The Oak Room is very pricey, and I wouldn't recommend it. The food was ok, not great, not bad, but definitely not worth the price. We were charged $6 each for coffee (although my husband told them he didn't want any) and about 6.50 for orange juice. The breakfast buffet didn't look to be worth the price. The gift shop is pricey, too. If you are in need of toiletries or medication, there is a Walgreens one block uphill on Powell. Do NOT spend $9 on a bottle of ibuprofen at the gift shop. They pretty much nickel and dime you for everything. For the cost of the hotel, you would think they could include more. Internet is 14.95 a day. The gym and business centers cost, too. The location is AMAZING. Union Square is a perfect area to stay and this is right on the square. Chinatown is just a few minute walk up the hill, and if you really get in a crunch it is possible to walk to the Warf. Transportation can be an issue during busy times. We had trouble getting any transportation to Pier 33 on a Saturday and had to walk there, instead.The history is very cool, too. If you don't read up on it ahead of time, there is a channel on the tv with info about the hotel. I don't know if I would necessarily stay there again or if I would stay on my dime, but if you have the money, it is worth staying there at least once, just for the experience.	
Oct 9 2007 	Old Hotel is a Trip	We typically do not stay in hotels like the Westin, St Francis. This is an old, old establishment. They refer to it as &quot;character.&quot; But what, no flat screen rv? Once you get over the lack of HD and adjust to the 1950's room design, it's actually very, very nice. The hotel is huge and you won't get a warm, personal feeling upon check-in. More an assemly-line treatment. But for its age (something like 80 years old), all holds up fairly well. There is a WIFI set-up in the entry way which is right next to Michael Mina, a 4-star restaurant. There are a few restaurants which we didn't try and all hotel ameneties that you'd expect. The gym was just okay and I was a bit upset that they charged extra for its use. The room was large and clean and the bed was very comfortable. I understand there is also a newer part or wing of the hotel. The location is good, right on Union Square and cabs are always available outside. All in all, a very nice hotel and good value.	
Oct 8 2007 	Overall excellent stay	We stayed in San Francisco for a wedding and chose the Westin St. Francis. There is a lot of history with the hotel that I am sure you can google. There are two sections of the hotel, the old part and the new and they have very different feels.The old part of the hotel is tied to the history. It has less than a dozen floors but it is decorated in a very old fashioned &quot;European&quot; or French style. The room has ornate furniture, colored in dark woods, green and gold carpeting, wallpaper, molding on the walls, etc. If you are looking for that old feel, the Westin has it. The only drawback was the room had a couple of blemishes. Our room had some cracks in the ceiling, peeling wallpaper in the corners of the bathroom and some stains on the grout in the bathroom. Nothing to make the experience poor but it wasn't pristine. The staff was very courteous and we had no problems with check in or out.The newer part of the hotel is on the other side and is over 20 floors. The look and feel is totally different. Its a very modern look with earth tones and simple furniture. Our friends stayed in the new part of the hotel. The ceilings are high and everything is very new. You may getg some views of the city through the bay windows if you are high enough. The only caution is that the elevators are on the outside of the building and if you are afraid of heights, the ride up in the glass elevator can be a bit discomforting.The location is great. Its right in Union Square and Powell St. The parking is quite expensive ($60 - $70/night) but you can park for much cheaper in the Union Square Garage right across the street ($34 or so for 24 hours).Overall, the hotel rates between 4 and 4.5 stars. It is a bit pricey and the older rooms had some blemishes. We'd considering staying here again, just for the convenience and some of the luxury.	
Oct 2 2007	Loved It	I second the last review. Perfect hotel...stayed in the new tower on SPG floor. Lights in bathroom are not very bright, but no other issues. The staff were wonderful and the hotel was at full capacity. The hotel is in the middle of everything, which makes it perfect if you want to be surrounded by everything!!!	
Sep 26 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	The hotel is beautiful. Our room was perfect and the beds were SO comfortable. Didn't miss a wink of sleep. The bathroom was roomy. The lights were a little dim in the bathroom but that was our only complaint. The service was excellent. Be sure to ask for a room in the tower as these are newer and more roomy. The glassed elevator will transport you up to your sleeping paradise. We will stay here on every trip back to San Francisco. It is also conveniently located to all of the stores and restaurants, all within easy walking distance. Perfecto!	
Sep 25 2007 	San Francisco Treat!	I love this hotel! We checked in and had wonderful service. We decided to upgrade to the tower. I love the glass elevators- great view. Our room was very nice,comfy, large, and the view was amazing!! I also loved the heavenly bed- so comfortable. We stayed here for 4 nights. The location is the best- in the middle of union square and shopping. The hotel is old but still looks great. When I think of San Francisco I think of this hotel- its part of San Francisco history. The service was the best.  This is one of the best hotels in the city! I would love to stay here again. We did use priceline and got very lucky. We paid $95 and 35 for our upgrade.  We stayed here with my 11 year old son and mom. They had there own room and loved it too! My son even knew how nice the hotel was and really liked staying there. He said this is the good life.	
Sep 24 2007 	SF was even better because of the St. Francis	We booked a very last minute reservation to San Francisco and selected the Westin St. Francis through Travelocity because of the combo price of airfare and hotel. We've stayed in numerous luxury hotels in the city and this one rates right up there with the best of them. To our surprise, it was a suite. We are not disabled, but the room was quite spacious and the bathroom was well equipped for someone who was. The location of this hotel is wonderful, you can't beat Union Square for shopping and theaters and a bustling nightlife. We especially loved being right on the cable car line. Their service personnel, including the doormen, the concierge and the front desk were professional and efficient. We highly recommend staying at the Westin St. Francis on your next trip to SF. As a side note, booking through Travelocity made this trip a breeze. We've booked in every possible way imaginable online, and I think Travelocity is one of the best. Their guarantee of a specific room type, non-smoking, all taxes and fees prepaid, made this trip even better. In our experience, this has not been true in the past of other online travel companies.	
Sep 14 2007	Terrible experience	We arrived for my husband medical conference. Flew from Ontario, Canada, and finally arrived at the Hotel at 10pm, exhausted.We waited in line for 20 plus minutes, then were given a &quot; historic room&quot;. Hint ( RUN!) if they say that, as that means you get a room where the servents use to stay. It is a TINY room, and when you open the door, it hits the bed. The door won't open all the way. There is one small window, that looks smack onto a brick wall. The washroom is very old, and terrible. We paid top dollar for this room, so I immediately called to complain. We were told the Hotel was full. There was nothing they could do.The next day, we asked again. Stil no help. I even asked if we could stay at one of their sister hotels. No luck there. So we walked around S.F all morning, in search of another Hotel ourselves. No luck. Everything was booked for this medical conference.Finally that afternoon I asked for another room, again, and they were able to find us one. The second room was large, and quite pretty. Had a view. Still old and in need of renovation, but nothing at all like the first, and both rooms were the SAME PRICE. Imagine that?Then when we went to check-out they added another $20 telephone charge that we didn't use. I had to wait in line for another 20 minutes to get that sorted out. After a lot of talking, we managed to get it taken off of our bill.	
Sep 11 2007	Fading Jewel	This USE to be a wonderful jewel. What is lacking is a long list! Did they forget how to train their staff on cleanliness of bathrooms? Can they have someone touch up all the scratches on the furniture in the room? When is the last time the carpet was even vacuumed? We were hungry at 10am, went to the lobby cafe and they were completely sold out of pastries so the staff directed us to the Oak Room. Stood there for 5 minutes and a bus boy, yelled across the room (with people eating there) &quot;we're closed...come back for lunch&quot;. What the heck is wrong with their customer service? I think this is Starwood right? They should have enough money to spend on improving the overall experience here I would hope... of all hotels, this landmark needs better attention a better reputation!!!! Listen up managment...you need to get more particular- and get your people trained!	
Sep 11 2007 	It doesn't get any better than this	Amazing from start to finish. Highly professional staff, beautiful rooms, spectacular views and best location. I honestly can't say enough good things about this hotel. When you are not concerned about money, there is no better place to stay in San Francisco. The heavenly bed is awesome!!	
Sep 10 2007 	Disappointed	Contrary to their marketing, advertisements and some people's reviews, I found it to be quite mediocre. The rooms are no different than a Best Western or a DoubleTree but costs a lot more...speaking of which...in a city thats making free internet access available to the entire city, this hotel charges $15/day for internet access...I mean Days Inn gives it away for free. Also, you pay extra to use the fitness center..(NO THANKS!!!). I have to say the staff is very polite and courteous. Concierge was very knowledgable and helped us out a great deal.	
Sep 6 2007	Great experience in the Westin St Francis	My husband and I stayed at the Westin St Francis on our honeymoon. The staff were so friendly and welcoming and gave us a free upgrade. Our room was in the new part of the hotel and was lovely. As we were on honeymoon, they gave us a free bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. We loved San Francisco and especially enjoyed a night trip to Alcatraz. Hotel is in a great location and service was excellent- would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 5 2007 	Fabulous Stay - EXCEPTIONAL service.	This was one of the most inviting hotels I have ever been to. I booked my one night stay through hotwire for a killer rate ($119 per night) and therefore expected a middle of the road room. When we arrived to check in for the night, the gentleman at the check in counter was able to find us a King Size Deluxe room on the 28th floor (new section) with fantastic views of the Golden Gate bridge. We didn't even have to ask!The room was clean, comfortable, sleek and very large. I've stayed in many Westin hotels before and the beds are always a pleasure to rest your head in...this one did not disappoint. After coming from a beautiful rustic cabin in Big Sur the night before - the comfort and quality of the Heavenly bed was a welcome change!!I would highly recommend this hotel to a traveller visiting the San Fran area - just make sure you book in the new section!!	
Sep 2 2007 	not terrible	The traditional rooms really need some help--very rough around the edges. The bed wasn't bad, but wasn't nearly as nice as the beds in other Westins I've visited. I'd give it a 2.5, but since that's not an option, had to go with a two.	
Aug 31 2007 	Much better than expected	We spent one Saturday night at the Westin SF on our way to Napa. I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised as the hotel was quite nice. It's a true 'grand' hotel which you don't see much nowadays. It has character and history and style, which is rare for such a big 'business oriented' hotel. our room was in the classic tower and we liked it...of course an incredibly comfy bed, but also had classic touches like old school door knobs, cool old mirrors etc. It was spacious enough and we had a great view of Union Square so was real fun to look at all the activity below. location is indeed unbeatable...we walked to a fun restaurant (Le Colonial) nearby and it's great to just be able to walk to places from the hotel since that clearly is one of the charms of San Francisco! Parking was fine, too. we called for our car ahead of time and when we came down 3 minutes later, it was waiting for us.only slight negative...gym is not so great. the only treadmills are in a seprate room right in front of a mirror. so you don't get to watch TV and have to stare at yourself while you run (not so fun)	
Aug 30 2007	It was wonderful	We stayed in a deluxe king on the 4th floor of the old section and it was just beautiful. We love the old pictures, woodwork and the old atmosphere. I paid a little more for the deluxe but it was well worth it. The room was very big, bathroom a little small but how much time do you spend in it. We enjoyed the view of Union Square. Our other family member stayed in the newer section on floor 25 but we loved our room and it was well worth it. They printed our boarding passes for us and everyone was very nice and helpful. We loved it and are ready to go again! I knew the double bed room would be way too small after reading. Trust me this room was well worth it!	
Aug 30 2007 	Wonderful historic charm in a fantastic location!	We spent one night at the Westin St. Francis on our way from Tahoe to the PCH. I thought it was a beautiful hotel with a lot of classic charm.I booked the St. Francis through Priceline for $102 a night, after consulting BiddingforTravel.com to get an idea of hotels I might expect to get in the USE zone. We parked our car just down the street (see below) and made our way to the beautiful and historic lobby of the St. Francis. The line for check-in was pretty long, but moved quickly. I gave them my SPG number at check-in, knowing that it wouldn’t get me points for my stay, but would, as others have noted, get me an SPG room. Sure enough, we were booked in a lovely king room on the 10th floor (1008) that was one room off Union Square. I thought the room was spacious and clean, with beautiful architectural character. The bathroom was pretty small, but was nicely appointed and the glass shower enclosure allowed lots of natural light throughout the room. I would definately recommend a room in the original portion of the hotel instead of the new portion - they're so much more charming.The best thing about the hotel is the location. You are literally steps off Union Square, very close to BART and in what I couldn’t imagine to be a better location for shopping. There’s tons of little restaurants and diners nearby and a Starbucks less than a block away.Two qualms that some have mentioned: pricey internet access and parking. I agree that the $15/day charge for internet access is steep, but it seems like all the 4* hotels are charging you for it these days, so I just accepted it. I’d rather stay here and pay for the web than in a 3* that gives it to you for free somewhere else. As far as parking, the hotel’s lot is super expensive: $49.00/night; $56.00/night for SUVs. On another Tripadvisor’s recommendation, we used the Royal Valet lot at 525 Jones Street, which was only three short blocks away, for only $18.00/night. The guys there were friendly and quick and the price included in and out privileges. I’d definitely leave my car there again.Overall, my stay at the Westin St. Francis was thoroughly pleasant and I would certainly stay here again. And at Priceline’s pricing this is a 4* steal!	
Aug 27 2007 	nice hotel with a few issues	Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the westin st. francis. The pros: First of all, the hotel is beautiful, and historic. There is a starbucks in the lobby which is a plus, and I found the concierge to be very helpful. The beds are very comfortable, the other staff, in general, was nice, and the 2nd room I stayed in was very spacious. The hotel is also located in a great shopping area - union square, and it's easy to get to everything from there. Now, the cons: 1. I travelled with my mother (I was there for a conference), and when we got there we were told the room we had reserved would not be available until the following day. What's more, the only rooms they had that night were incredibly small and only had 1 double bed. So I had to share the bed with my mother, which I haven't done since I was little. We didn't unpack because the room was miniscule, but we had to re-check in the next day to get our new room key. The man who carried our bags was very kind, however, and sent up a free plate of cheese and crackers to our room. 2. The internet is $15.00 a day, which to me is overpriced. If you're lucky, you might be able to get free wireless from union square (although it is spotty).3. The elevators are incredibly slow.4. The woman at the bell hop station was not very nice the day we were checking out, and wanted to have our bags held until closer to our flight. We had a lot of bags (we had just been in Florida for the week before) and she eyed them disdainfully and sounded very insulted that we had so many. Additionally, we had to wait about 10 minutes before someone came to check our bags (and there was a long line behind us). The man who actually handled our bags, however, was incredibly nice.Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Westin St. Francis, but if I go to San Francisco again, I'll probably look for a different hotel.	
Aug 24 2007 	Good stay at Westin St Francis	This is probably about our 5th time staying here, but first time to write a review. Rooms are good. Tower rooms are much larger than classical rooms in the main building, and higher floor rooms at the tower has one of the best views in town. Although classical rooms are smaller, they are nicely decorated, and has SF charm.Rooms here are a bit worn down compare to most Westin standards, but just can't beat the location. Only hotel right on U SQ.Service here is very random. Some front desk staffs are nice, some are just plain idiots, and I mean it. I would rate this hotel at least 4 star, but because of the spotty service, I am rating 3 star. Their business center is a joke. Staffs there are just clueless...If you know SF fairly well, and looking for a simple vacation in town, you might have a great stay here. But if you'll ever need to use their concierge or ask for anything at the front desk, there's a good chance you will be highly irritated. Bellman at the parking entrance (older gentleman who's been working there for years) is great. Very professional, and very accommodating.	
Aug 21 2007 	Writing from my room now...	I'm writing this review from my room, paying the $15 a day for internet access. This is day 2 of a week long stay for business, and I'm already compelled to write a review. Pros- location, speed of check-in. Cons- 1. there were room service plates outside of my room from when I checked in until now as I type this. 2. As I showered last night- I heard someone trying to access my room. Luckily, I had bolted the door and moved the lock over- as I assume they had most likely been given the same room- they must have returned downstairs upon finding out they couldn't get in. 3. My room was clean, but definitely not pristine upon check-in. When I returned last night, it took me 20 minutes to get an elevator- I was among about 30 people waiting- there must have been a problem. 4. Walking down the hall to my room, I saw someone had thrown up on the carpet- and it still, as of now, has not been cleaned up. 5. I read on the Westin website that there was a gym in the hotel- but it didn't say I would have to pay $12 a day to use it!! Overall- I am so unimpressed with this hotel and can't believe I have another 5 days here.	
Aug 13 2007	Beautiful hotel fantastic location	This is a beautiful old hotel. I was afraid I was going to be stuck in one of those tiny rooms by the elevators I keep reading about, but I was lucky, the late night front desk manager gave me a beautiful room in the main building facing union square. The room was spacious, the ammenities very nice, comfortable and clean. I was also worried the rooms would be noisy, as hallway noise is a pet peeve of mine, but again I was surprised. Perhaps one of the smaller rooms might have this problem, but my room was nice and quiet.Room service was overpriced of course, but that's just about every hotel, and I am pleased to say the food was good. The location can't be beat if you want to be in the heart of everything, and here you are right on Union Square. There are a few issues, which are very typical of Starwood properties...a company that runs some great hotels but also needs to quit with the nickle and diming and find a way to incorporate some unnecessary charges into the room cost. As is usual with Starwood, they charge something like 15 dollars a day just for internet service, which is outrageous when u consider that Hilton, Marriott, etc generally offer thi for free for guests. It's also not cool to charge 10 bucks a day for use of the hotel gym, this should be free for guests. Parking is ridiculous as well, but that's typical of SF in general, and I didn't drive a car anyway so no big deal.Overall though this is one of the best places to stay in the city	
Aug 9 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Location but Overpriced	We booked this hotel through Hotwire and paid $127 for the night. I would suggest that if you live in the area, not to drive your car into the city. The parking fee is outrageous ($55.00 per night) and the valet service is horrible. Both times we need to check our car out, we waited for 20 minutes. The valets definitely do not move like they have a purpose. When we decide to do another overnight stay in the city, we will definitely come in on BART and then use other forms of public transportation or taxis.The Front Desk staff was very nice upon check-in and gave us a room with two double beds. For the price that you pay, you would expect your room to come with a larger bed, but we did not feel like paying more money for another room upgrade. The room was tastefully appointed, but small. It reminded me of the smaller size of hotel rooms that I have stayed in across Europe. Our room was immacualte and the bathroom was very nice. the Heavenly beds and comforters are excellent, so it kind of made up for the small beds. Our view (if that is what you can call it) looked inwardly over some courtyard/alley and directly at the tower across from us. However, if we looked to the left we saw a corner of Union Square and gazed upon The Cheesacake Factory atop Macy's.The restaurant food is overpriced and not that wonderful. We have many favorite restaurants in the city, so I would recommend travelers to venture out into the city for more fabulous and better priced food. All in all, it was an average hotel stay. Having spent time at various other Westin establishments throughout my traveling experiences, I expected more from this hotel so that was kind of a downer. However, the location of this hotel is fantatstic and is probably why the hotel can charge such exorbitant rates.	
Aug 7 2007	Can't Go Wrong Here	We enjoy visiting the city of San Francisco as much as any other and the Westin St. Francis, one of the city's grand dames, is a perfect fit.For such a huge property with so many guests, the hotel handles its affairs quite smoothly. Check in is easy, special requests are honored quickly, housekeeping is efficient, supervisors are present to assist, and the concierge desk is generally able to attend to the needs of patrons. Even a hotel operator, who could not locate the concierge for us one evening by telephone, offered to assist us and took the time to contact a restaurant for a reservation.The lobby is done up nicely with marble floors, sitting areas, and a small shopping arcade. The room we were given was on the 10th floor in the old building, and was a model of beauty with wood molding, blue and gold colors, matching carpet, elegant window treatments, and the so-called heavenly beds and linens (which lived up to their names). The room was fairly quiet though some noise filtered in occasionally. The bathroom was relatively basic. We relished the location on--not near--Union Square. It is so close to everything, be it public transportation, restaurants, diners, shopping, sightseeing, theaters, bars, clubs, China town, Market Street, BART, the financial district, Union Square itself (which was hosting a free concert) that we felt we were in the center of all the action. Rooms rates are variable so it pays to check around and compare.All in all, we were quite pleased with this property.	
Aug 5 2007 	A grand classic with a new twist	The Westin St. Francis is one of the grand old hotels that has kept up with the times without sacrificing its old feeling. It is perfectly situated right on Union Square. Of course that also means taxi horns to lull you to sleep if you get a room fronting on Powell Street. I've previously stayed in rooms in the old section of the hotel and found them dark, noisy, and small. This time we opted for room in the newer addition and found it more in line with my expectations of a Westin. This blending of the classic old lobby, restaurants and bar, with the newer bigger and nicer room worked perfectly, although initially it almost seemed like heresy not to stay in the original older building.Westin was the first chain to adopt a deluxe signature bed and their Heavenly Bed is so nice I bought one for my home bedroom. The bathroom was recently updated with new fixtures. Our room had a wonderful view stretching from Nob Hill to the Bay Bridge. Ask for a higher floor if view is important to you.The more expensive a hotel is, the more likely they'll charge for things like internet access that are free in lesser hotels. I'd really like an explanation of this principal, because it comes across as nickle and diming their customers, trying to grab every cent of potential additional profit. Westin as a chain apparently encourages this and I wasn't at all surprised that the St. Francis wanted $20 a day for internet access.	
Aug 5 2007	great stay	perfect stay. would stay again in a minute. had a great steak dinner at harris' and wonderful cocktails and dancing at the top of the mark afterwards. great evening.	
Aug 3 2007 	Review from a former SF local	Great location if you want to go shopping. Which was actually our plan for this particular trip. Its right on Union Sqare. However if you're planning on doing more in SF, like go out, then this isn't the place for you. I lived in SF for 8 years so I like to think I know what I'm talking about. Really close to the St. Francis though is the Clift hotel. Also expensive like the St. Francis. However the Clift is in my opinion the better property as its closer to places you'd like to go out, close enough to shopping, and has a great bar within it as well.	
Aug 1 2007 	Location location location	We just returned from a fabulous trip to San Francisco and stayed at the Westin St. Francis on Union Square. Pros and cons to this property. . .they bill themselves as a 5 star hotel and yet there were some basic problems with our room/stay that told a different story. We stayed on the 17th floor of the new tower and LOVED the speed and ease of elevator service. However, the room itself was very bland/boring/empty. Peeling wallpaper on one of the walls, tub caulking coming out and the tub itself was not very clean. Very basic amenities in the bathroom also. The air conditioning didn't seem up to the task of keeping the room cool. . .very stuffy the whole time we were there. The ice machine on our floor was broken throughout our stay so we had to take the elevator up or down one floor to get ice. None of this was totally horrible, just a bit disappointing for the price you are paying for this hotel. What you are paying for though is the excellent location in the city. We were hardly in the room because we were exploring the city from this great location on Union Square. One of the highlights of the trip was our breakfasts. . . HIGHLY recommend the Sears Fine Food restaurant, just a block from the hotel on Powell. Long lines move quickly and the Swedish pancakes are worth the wait! Also good is Max's, which is around the corner from the hotel also. NIcer atmosphere. . .excellent omelets. Great restaurant for lunch is Roxanne's Cafe. . .up the hill on Powell. Enjoy San Fran!	
Jul 31 2007 	A landmark hotel in the Square that is not so square.	The Westin St. Francis is everything a grand old hotel should be. It has an extravagant lobby with ornate furnishings and architechture. It has lavishly furnished rooms, albeit small ones. It has informative and helpful staff. Top this all off with Its premier location in Union Square, which is a hub for shopping and site seeing... and you have an ideal hotel for a romantic trip to San Francisco. Don't get me wrong, this isn't the &quot;best&quot; hotel in San Francisco. It is however affordable and one of my favorite hotels to date. If you decide to book at the Westin St. Francis, you have a choice in room style. If you are like us, and enjoy the ambiance provided by a historical room, equipped with period furnishings, then you will want to stay in the old part of the hotel. If you want a larger suite with varying views of the city and Westin's signature &quot;heavenly bed&quot; and stardard accompanying furniture pieces... then choose to stay in the newer section. From the footsteps of hotel's front entryway you can catch an iconic San Francisco trolley car to all of the major sites. If you choose to stay indoors, the hotel has a wonderful bar and restaurant, including several shops. They even have a tea time to partake in delicious cakes and deserts and tea in the lobby area bar. I don't think you can be disappointed with this hotel. The staff will go out of there way to make sure of that.	
Jul 31 2007 	Crazy Busy but Centrally Located	As you can tell from my headline, this is not an intimate little boutique hotel. The staff are very helpful and cheery considering what a zoo it is. Indeed, the hotel was fully booked the nights we were there and the lobby was like Grand Central station. Because we got there late afternoon, we ended up in rooms next to the elevator (these end in 24) in the old building. It was a bit noisy when the elevators opened up in the morning but the staff agreed to move us to the newer tower which was quieter. Also, it's almost impossible to get a bell boy because it so hectic. So if you want to bring your luggage down, check out or speak to the concierge try to do it at off hours.	
Jul 27 2007 	Beautiful Hotel - Gorgeous Rooms	My family and I stayed at the Westin for 5 days in 2003 and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. Our flight in was delayed and we arrived at midnight. The hotel had give out our room and was sold out. They transported us to a hotel near the airport for the night. When we checked in the next day, the front desk manager was extremely apologetic and upgraded our rooms to a joined suite on the 4th floor overlooking Union Square. The room was HUGE and the view incredible. We loved our time spend there.	
Jul 21 2007 	Great location enjoyed the experience	My adult daughter and I stayed for one night, used my accrued Westin Hotel rewards points so the room was no charge, in a double queen room for the disabled, although we are not. It was the first time I have stayed in one of the older historic hotels in San Francisco. The room was large, well furnished, the beds comfortable, the view was of the alley (Ugh) but we were there only to sleep and spent our waking hours on the town. The trolley ($5.00 each person, each way) was across the street and there were several reasonable local breakfast eateries in the area. The draw backs were the hotel parking ($54.00 per night) although there was parking down the street for about $30.00 but far less convenient when you have several suitcases to haul. The room was warm and the a/c didn't cool it down, but we opened the window and slept fine. It was a bit noisy in the halls but it was quiet after 11:00 p.m. I thought the place looked a bit ghostly, definitely older decor and the place could have used some updating but it had everything needed in the bathroom and bedroom. It reminded me of a haunted hotel I stayed in a few years back but we didn’t hear any spooky noises. The lobby and the halls were beautiful, check-in and check-out went smooth and the staff was friendly	
Jul 19 2007 	Beautiful hotel perfect location friendly staff	We enjoyed our stay at the St. Francis. The location, right on Union Square, was fantastic. We were able to walk to a Giants game at AT&amp;T park, took the cable car from Fisherman's wharf to right outside the hotel, and we had a tremendous variety of restaurants and stores within walking distance. It was also surprisingly easy to drive in and out of the area. The valets were very friendly, a good thing considering the extremely steep ($40 a night) parking fee. The room was what you'd expect from a Westin. If you've stayed in a Westin before, you know that's a good thing. Comfortable bed, pleasant decor, great shower. We didn't eat in any of the hotel restaurants, nor did we order room service, so I can't comment on the food. We had a bad experience our first night, as the fire alarm went off at 3 in the morning. After being jolted awake, we waited a little bit, and though the blaring alarm went off, it was followed up by a recording instructing us to evacuate. After the second time this played we decided to play it safe and leave. 17 flights of stairs later, we ended up back in the lobby to hear some firefighters saying we could go back up. It wasn't fun. When I checked out, I asked the clerk about this, and she comp'ed our room for that night. It would have been nice to not have to mention it, but all I had to do was mention it, I didn't have to actually ask for anything.We would definitely stay at the St. Francis again.	
Jul 16 2007 	Perfect Location	I stayed at the Westin St. Francis recently to attend a conference held in the hotel.My corporate travel agent booked the room at the conference rate of $199/night. The room very tiny, in the old part of the hotel. It had no view, only a window looking out into an internal courtyard. The travel agent did indicate to me that the room was designed for one person, and he was accurate. That being said, the room was extremely comfortable, with a lovely, updated all-marble bath and a terrific shower. It was very quiet - no hallway or elevator noise whatsoever. I barely spent any time in the room, so it was perfectly adequate for my purposes. I could easily access the meeting facilities. I particularly enjoyed a 30-minute documentary on the hotel television channel that gave a history of the hotel's illustrious past and some of its famous visitors. Presidents, royalty and movie stars, y'all!My only interaction with the hotel staff was at check-in and -out, but they were extremely pleasant. At check-in, there was a line of 10-12 folks, and a staff member walked up and down the line, giving out bottles of water and visiting with everyone, telling them about the hotel and its amenities. Nice touch. The check-in agent warned me that even touching the mini-bar would incur a charge, and I appreciated that bit of info so I wouldn't be unpleasantly surprised. Check-out went smoothly - I had to divide the charge between a personal and a business credit card, and that was easily accomplished.Now - for the best part - LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! For a first-time traveler to San Francisco, the Union Square location could not be beat. We used public transportation to travel about, and Chinatown is within easy walking distance. We don't have Tiffany's, Prada or Chanel across the street here in Columbia, SC, so I certainly enjoyed some upscale window shopping in my spare time.Overall, an excellent experience.	
Jul 16 2007 	Excellen location Great Service Great Room	The Westin St. Francis is a great hotel. No problem with checking in despite arrive early in the mornign (around 7:00am). The receptionist is very helpful. I got a very spacious room with king size bedroom and a huge bathroom. The room got internet facility, which you can access via the ethernet cable provided or WIFI using your laptop. I got a room with fantastic view of Union Square. The hotel is located in a city centre with big shopping complexes (Macy and 5th Avenue) just adjacent to the hotel. Chinatown is just 10 minutes walk away to. I have lots of yummy food there :) I had a really lovely stay!	
Jul 6 2007 	Loved It- Kid Friendly	We spent two nights at the St. Francis after booking through Hotwire.com. We were in San Francisco for the Fourth of July holiday. Don't know if it was a slow time or the staff was just extra friendly, but as soon as we checked in, we were upgraded to a corner room in the Tower Building. The room was fantastic! We had our four-month-old baby with us, so we requested a refrigerator and microwave. They were brought to the room at no extra charge.Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. We were extremely impressed.My wife is VERY picky about cleanliness. She was impressed with the room, so that should tell you something!Highly recommended!	
Jun 26 2007 	Well Past its Prime	This hotel is clearly relying on its location and the Westin reputation. It's overpriced and the quality of the rooms and the level of service are greatly inferior to what you'd expect. I stayed here for a week and was placed in the &quot;historic&quot; older section of the hotel. Although updated in some respects, the decor and fixtures in my room were outdated. There was also considerable street noise (my room was on the fifth floor) that continued late into the night. Staying here is not a relaxing or restful experience. There is a lot of activity in the lobby and the halls virtually 24 hours a day. There are much better choices at this price level in downtown San Francisco.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great Stay Great Location	We had cancelled a reservation at another hotel, so we booked last-minute through Priceline. We paid $110.00 a night. We had emailed the hotel about clearing the minibar and possibly upgrading the room to one with two queen beds. We were offered an upgrade to from the base room for $30.00, or $60.00 for a deluxe room. I requested the $30.00 upgrade. Check In: The front desk people were very helpful. I asked about the minibar and was told upfront that there would be charges if anything was moved. The front desk person, I think her name was Priscilla, offered to have a refridgerator brought up to our room for our beverages. An employee brought the refridgerator not five minutes after we got to the room. The doorman had a little scuffle with our Towncar driver, but no other front desk issues. The lobby is very nice and spacious.Location: The hotel opens to Union Square, which is a great people-watching spot. It is in walking distance to lots of shopping. The cable car is nearby. Next time we go we will get the Muni pass, since traveling in San Fran is very expensive. Riding the cable car costs $5.00 each way.Room: We got a beautiful room (592) in the tower section. It faced out onto a busy street, so there was noise throughout the night because of ambulances, delivery trucks, etc., but that is something to be expected in an outward facing room. We only heard the people next door a few times, so we either had a quiet room or quiet neighbors. The bathroom was modern and spacious. The shower had double heads and plenty of water pressure. The beds are nice, but nothing too special. The comforters and bedding are comfortable, but the mattress was a little to firm for my taste. I am very picky about hotel cleanliness, and this room, including the bathroom was very clean. The only housekeeping issue I had was the vent above the shower. It was dirty.The in-room Starbucks coffee and tea was a nice touch. Since we were traveling with our daughter, It would have been nice to have had hot chocolate in addition to the coffee and tea. The single cup coffee maker was neat. We ordered room service twice, both times food was good and delivered promptly.The only suggestions for the hotel, in addition to adding hot chocolate to the coffee bar, would be that they have more small room amenities, such as Q-tips, shower caps, and mending kits, though I am sure they would have brought these things if requested.Overall it is a really nice hotel, and was a great hotel for the price we paid.	
Jun 21 2007 	Mix of old 	Considering the deal we got on this hotel on Hotwire, I'd say it was great! I appreciated the heavenly beds and modern comforts while the hotel still had some old charm. Our room was quite small and had a view of a wall, but that was fine considering the bargain. All in all it was a nice one-night stay in a convenient location to walk to several restaurants/clubs. I would stay again if the price is right.	
Jun 19 2007	we like the St Francis	This is a lovely hotel with a sense ot charm and history. However it is a bit dated in places, (corridors and rooms), however it is really in a great location, right overlooking Union Square, right in the midst of it all, and close to shops, restaurants etc. we were on our honey moon so they gave us a special room which was really quite big and nicely furnished. the champagne mojitos in the bar were pretty excellent too.	
Jun 8 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	We just returned from SF. Overall, I'd say it was a great hotel and I wouldn't hesitate recommending it to anyone. The people were friendly and professional. The signature Westin heavenly beds were fabulous. A good night's sleep shouldn't be taken for granted especially when you're on vacation. The double shower head is a great feature that I haven't seen or experienced at any other hotel.  After reading the previous reviews, I now understand why the comments were so varied. I'd like like to clarify a few things.1) The Westin St. Francis is essentially two hotels in one. Even the elevator banks are on separate sides of the Lobby. The historic building (facing Powell St.) has it's original layout and it's decor is traditional. The new tower that was added in 1972 is totally modern. Especially the elevators, which are high speed and are on the outside of the building. The furnishings and room proportions are also modern.  Coming from NYC, we loved the architectural design of the older building. The lobby was gorgeous with it's intricate floral woodwork in its high ceilings. It also has the signature details of a pre-war building, with high ceilings, crown moulding and wide hallways.2) I'd like to remind everyone of the old adage - you get what you pay for. In the Westin St. Francis, there are several different levels of rooms ranging from Standard to Ultra-Deluxe. If you're booking the room through priceline, expedia, etc..., don't expect a fabulously large room with a view! We booked our room through Expedia so we were given a standard room in the historic building. However, they did offer us the option to upgrade to a larger room for $35 and/or a room with a view also for $35. We declined since we were not going to be in our room most of the time. 3) Location, location, location. It doesn't get any more convenient than this. We had every mode of transportation available to us. The cable car literally ran right in front of the hotel. We took the BART from the airport. We also rented a car for a day from Hertz a block away. Everything we needed was within walking distance.Now the cons. Very recently I stayed at the Westin Cancun and I can understand how people feel when they say the Westin St. Francis looks somewhat worn and in need of a renovation. I am speaking only of the standard rooms in the original historic main building and not of the rooms in the new tower. The room was clean and tidy but the furniture was looking as though it had seen better days.   Also a bit of advice, don't move anything in or out of their mini bar to put in your own drinks or food because you will be charged regardless if you put it back later or if you just moved it elsewhere in the fridge. We discovered this the hard way. Since we did an express check out, we weren't aware they charged us for something we didn't drink. My husband moved a beer in order to put in some leftovers. We noticed it on our bill after we were back in NY. Don't park your car here. It's up to $49 plus tax/night. That's why we rented a car for a day and returned it on the same day. If you must drive, consider parking it in the municipal lots a few blocks away.  The Westin St. Francis lives up to the Westin reputation and it lived up to our expectations. If we return to SF, we'd definitely chose the Westin St. Francis again.	
Jun 7 2007 	Good Hotel Phenomenal Location	I stayed here at the end of March 07 for a bridal shower. I'm an SPG (Starwood Preferred Guest) member so booked through their website. I indicated that two of my friends had never been to San Francisco and asked if we could have a room with a view. When we checked in, we got just that! We were on the 27th floor with a full view of San Francisco facing out toward the Golden Gate Bridge. It was incredible. About the room - There were 3 of us girls in one room and we had plenty of space for all of our luggage and purchases. The bathroom was also a decent size but only large enough for two of us to be getting ready in there at once... There was a desk in the room and full closets. The beds were incredibly comfortable. The room was perfect for folks who want to see SF and aren't planning on just hanging around the room. The overall location of the hotel was also great! Tons and tons of shopping and restaurants in vicinity of Union Square. Some downsides of the hotel: The internet was shockingly expensive. Also, when I checked in (at approx 2PM) there was only 1 concierge working. By the time I got to the desk, there were at least 5 people waiting in line behind me. The overall feel of the hotel was rather &quot;classic.&quot; That is, maybe for an older generation. It wasn't a &quot;hip&quot; place to hang out... &quot;Fancy&quot; might be the best word. If your parents want to go to San Francisco, I would recomennd this place. If you're looking for a cool hotel with a modern atmosphere, I'd look to some of the other hotels on the square...	
Jun 5 2007 	Great Option for San Francisco	Booked on Hotwire for $129/night for a Fri/Sat night stay. I was a little concerned because there was no way I was going to stay in a closet room with a double bed and a view of a brick wall, and all rooms booked on Hotwire/Priceline are given this type of room. But, you do pay about $100 less per night using Hotwire if you can upgrade your room at the hotel to a tower room (AAA rate for a tower room is $230/night).I have never had problems with check-in people at hotels because I don't treat them like they automatically owe me something. Upon our check-in, I was nice to the girl checking us in, made a little small talk, offered a little humility saying, &quot;I know I booked this on Hotwire, but if there's anything you can do....&quot; Sure enough, she just gave me the upgraded room in the new tower. Didn't have to pay an extra dime for a king room on a lower floor with a view of Mason Street. I think usually it's $35/night if available, which you still would be saving $65/night by booking on Hotwire. The tower rooms are well equipped and nice. Beds were super comfy as per Westin standards, room was quiet (of course there was street noise, but you're in the heart of Union Square, not a B and B in the country.)The shower was probably the best part about the room. Overall it wascomfortable, clean, and very contemporary. The hotel itself mixed contemporary with a classical feel, which I thought was very unique.The concierge desk was super helpful too. The guys working there seem to be on top of their job. They got me dinner reservations and mapped some stuff out for me in the city.The parking was a bit outrageous, but I knew that going in, so I parked around the corner for $28/day instead of the hotel's $54/day. There are about 3 garages that were within a block of the hotel -- worth the 200 foot walk if you ask me. These garages do not have in/out priveleges like the hotel, but if you are only staying in the city, there is absolutely no need to use your car -- nor is there parking anywhere else in the city that is free anyway.I go to SF every now and then, and this Westin gets a good mark for location, comfort, and value. Good for groups, and good for couples, too. Its a fun place -- the lobby bar is always crowded and Michael Mina is a top rated SF restaurant located in the hotel that had some terrific appetizers and drinks.	
May 29 2007 	Nice but needs some improvements	I read on their website that the hotel went through an upgrade in 2005, but their bathrooms looked like it could use an upgrade. I'm thinking that the room that I got may be a room that has not gone through an upgrade. I've noticed that some hotels will say they went through an upgrade, but they've only upgraded some of the rooms. The bathrooms looked a little outdated and could use a rennovation. I'm a Gold Starwood Preferred member, and the look of the Westin at St. Francis is not the same as most Westin hotels. The theme of the hotel is more of an older style and not modern contemporary. Overall, the rooms are very nice and spatious, the lobby and restaurants are inviting and fun, but the bathrooms could use some updating.	
May 26 2007	Wonderful Stay	I booked through Priceline ($100), so I was a little worried that I would get a shabby/small/dark room. I called ahead to ask for a room in the Tower, preferably as high up as possible. No problem. I got an upgrade for a 15th floor room with a partial view. Only $35 for both nights. It was great! Every bit of Four Stars. We drove, and it's tricky to park your car in that area, but if you're clever, and you can read SF parking signs REALLY WELL, you can park on the street. The second night we parked way up on Nob Hill and walked back down to the hotel. In all, I was glad I hadn't booked into one of the zillions of 3-star hotels in the Union Square area. We got a much more luxurious room - it was large, and the bed was amazing - than we would have at one of the smaller hotels in the area.Last but not least, our service was spectacular! Polite, fast, and warm. I agree with whoever said some people are just cranky, and they elicit matching responses from the staff.	
May 21 2007 	Sorely Disappointed With Its Demise	Let me begin by saying that I have been staying at this hotel since I was a child, and this means I have seen it go through many iterations for over 45 years. This most recent stay was so utterly disappointing, I simply do not know where to begin. The recently refurbished lobby on the Union Square side has become this odd assemblage of Art Deco-like seating which one has to wind around just to get through. It takes some time to recognize that this is the hotel bar! Prior to this strange transformation, the bar was the lovely Compass Rose, which now houses a restaurant. The lovely jewelry store on the right was going out of business, and other shops that were a delight over the years no longer exist. I am a Starwood Preferred Guest, so check-in is never a problem anywhere in the world, and is still fine at St. Francis. The particular evening I was there, the lines to get up the tower to my room were extraordinary, and the wait excessive. I will say that the rooms are still decent and the beds comfortable, but there is something that has simply gotten lost overall: the sense of a bygone era, of attention to detail, of feeling that the individual matters. I am so sorry to see the demise of a crown jewel of San Francisco and reluctantly am going to stay elsewhere on my return to the City.	
May 21 2007 	Paying for the Pomp	I have stayed in a lot of five star establishments in my time and the Westin had the flavor but was somewhat lacking in the execution. Upon arriving I witnessed a heated argument between a cab driver and an employee with the Westin Bell Boy shouting &quot;Don't you touch my f****** cart, I don't touch your cab&quot; ..... I guess he was protecting his tip but frankly it was the kind of welcome that in itself would put me off and as he ranted about his &quot;Five Star Hotel&quot; while trying to convince me to let him carry his bags all I wanted was for him to go away. I wouldn't voluntarily give my hard earned cash in the form of tips or anything else to such a rude, uncouth and salty individual and he certainly should not be employed at a Hotel ... he might make a decent bouncer. Apart from the initial poor greeting everything else was on par. The hotel is in a good location, the interior was clean and had all the trappings of a good hotel. The staff where extremely helpful, informative and useful. The room itself was somewhat lacking while in no way bad. A bed, a TV and a small desk -- it didn't feel much different from your bog standard Hyatt.For $300 a night? its relative - you are going to pay through the nose in SF regardless, I think I'd be inclined to look around next time I was in town but would have little objection to staying here again.	
May 18 2007 	very nice	The Westin St. Francis is a nice place for the price you pay, but there are some downfalls to that price as well.I was immediately irritated with the guy that unloads suitcases from the car, he was a very arrogant European man that continually reminded arrivers that they were staying at a &quot;5-star hotel,&quot; but there was nothing &quot;5-star&quot; about him. He was very abrasive and quite rude to some of the arrivers.The people in the lobby were friendly as we stood in the queue to check-in, but they were very fake friendly, and more irritating than anything.Our room was very spacious and clean and the bed was very, very comfortable. The room had everything that we needed to feel at home during our stay. My favorite part was the dual shower-head, making it a great shower experience with twice the HOT water available. Another thing that I really disliked was the availability of breakfast. The hotel offers a $20-something breakfast buffet in one of the restaurants. Personally, I find nothing appealing about paying that much money for a big spoonful of eggs out of a vat. There are several diners close to the hotel that offer a much better breakfast for nowhere near the cost. I traveled to this place with my boyfriend on a work trip, so we didn't foot the bill, but if I had the money to spend on this place myself, I'm not sure I'd go to the expense. If you have the money to spend, it's worth it.	
May 15 2007 	Bastion of old San Francisco	Can't understand what the fuss regarding hotel staff is all about...I suspect some folks are very difficult to please. Our experience was excellent from the moment we arrived. The main lobby and parlor are exquisitely furnished, balancing the old world feel of a bygone era with slick modern design and lighting. The public areas are elegantly decorated with redwood bonsais and orchid blossoms in crystal cylinders. WIth high backed settees and deep club chairs the feel is rather hushed and decidedly unhurried, which is such a treat to escape into from the bustle of Union Square just outside.We found we could not be upgraded as is our custom because the hotel was hosting a massive contingent of Prom revelers, yet the registration clerk Alexandra, was ever so accommodating in dealing with our disappointment.  Our room in the new tower was spacious with an interesting view of the Starlight Room across the way. When the fog cleared the view extended out to the bay and beyond. Bathroom vanity was enormous with plenty of counter space for mine and my sister's mountain of make-up, hair equipment and assorted toiletries...and large enough for the two of us to primp together without causing a scuffle. We needed extra towels, wine glasses, pillows, etc and all were whisked up to us within minutes of our contacting housekeeping...and very cheerfully delivered as well.Plenty of room, period... great seating area around desk and roomy closets with plenty of hangers.Two quibbles: the T.V. located in the room's armoire...ridiculously small in this day and age, and the mini bar with obnoxious notice warning guests not to store personal items in fridge lest being charged for items removed. We ignored this and chilled our champagne and O.J. and were billed for the items misplaced. This was resolved at check-out however. Still, this practice is irritating.	
May 9 2007 	Terrible Experience at the Westin	Shabby Property. Incompetent, uncooperative and worthless staff.Stayed there for four nights. The first room had an airconditioning problem. Asked the front desk to fix it. Two hours went by nothing was done. Went down to talk to the front desk to see what was taking them so long. The front desk personnel was absolutely. Her answer was she had put in a word for an engineer to take a look into the air conditioning problem and therefore has done her job. It is not her problem any more. As I raised my voice, magically she found another room. This room, same as the one before had its airconditioning working. The shower in this room leaked continuosly next day. Further calls to the front desk did not do any good. Absolute incompetence.On my last day, I found several items added to my bill from the bar which were incorrect. I had to again raise by voice to correct the items. Overall very bad experience at this Westin property. I have stayed in other Westin and Starwood properties around the world and had wonderful experiences. This property seem to have fallen through their cracks. I will certainly stay at a different hotel the next time I am in San francisco.	
May 1 2007 	Great location and lovely room	We checked in around noon and was given a room key immediately. The ride on the elevator and the hallway to our room was a bit worrisome as it was definitively old. However, as soon as we opened the door, our concerns was washed away. Our king bed room was larger than the usual San Francisco hotel's room with a great view right out to the busy Union Square. Aside from the usual bed and tables we also have a lounge reading chair. The Heavenly Bed is my favorite hotel bed, just enough layers to make me snooze right away.The bathroom was large and comfortable fitting 2 persons easily. The usual Heavenly bath products are well stocked and presented nicely.The location of this hotel is superb. It is also great if you want to catch a cable car as the stop in front of the St-Francis almost always have spaces (The cable car always left the Union Square station with a few empty seats so they can pick up other passengers along the way). We had a good time in this place considering the price that we paid for.	
Apr 25 2007 	Best elevator in San Francisco	My boyfriend and I stayed at the St. Francis for 6 nights in the middle of April, on our way home from a wonderful Pacific extravaganza (including LA, Honolulu, Kyoto, Hakone and Tokyo). My first impression was that I thought the lobby was beautiful. I loved the ornate Victorian style, the furniture, the chandeliers, etc. The photos of all the famous people who have stayed their over the years were cool. Our room was in the tower building, and although we missed out on the more old-fashioned guest rooms............the glass elevator ride was a really fun part of our stay there. We were on the 30th floor, and there was always music when we got in......sometimes a Hitchcock theme, sometimes flamenco or jazz, but it alsways seemed to go with the ride! And wow, is it fast! The views of the city are amazing, but the speed of the ride when you can shoot straight down to the lobby with no stopping was awesome.Our room was fine, nothing to really write home about. The &quot;heavenly bed&quot; I'd heard so much about wasn't as heavenly as I hoped. The bathroom was large, but the shower pressure was a bit weak, even though they tried to jazz it up and give it a second head. Also, the curtain didn't really extend all the way across the whole shower space, which made for a bit of a mess. I might be a little harsh in my review on the bathroom though; we'd just gotten back to America from Japan, and the bathroom couldn't possible compete with the futuristic toilets in Tokyo!Our view was lovely, of Union Square, the Coit Tower and the bay. And the location of the hotel itself was excellent - there was a line of cabs always at the main entrance, the cable car turnaround is right down the road, every major department store known to man is right there! There are a few late night diner options nearby, too.......oh, and an excellent wine bar nearby called First Crush. Really cool place.I would definitely recommend this hotel........San Francisco was a fantastic city, and the St. Francis couldn't have been a better home base for us.	
Apr 22 2007	Nice stay at the St. Francis	Lovely room - some parts worn, but peaceful, relaxing and large. I got this thru Priceline (although probably bid $10 more than needed) and they apparently put Priceliners in the old tower, where some visitors have had complaints. I was in room 908 (requested 1208, but it was booked) and the room was quite nice and *very* spacious - esp. for a San Francisco hotel room. I was in and out, so didn't spend a ton of time dealing w/ staff. About 1/3 of the ones I came in contact with were great, the others were a bit harried, disinterested, impersonal and short. It's not a 5-star, but was a surprisingly genteel place and I was impressed enough to be more than willing to stay there again (even though, as a former SF resident, I can't stand the Union Sq. area). One note: don't park in the obscenely overprices hotel parking. Park in the Sutter/Stockton garage 2 blocks away.	
Apr 19 2007 	what a disapointment	This hotel goes out of its way to make sure people do not return. Over priced slovenly appearance, shabby in places and many staff who do not appear to understand to easiest request.First room was like a rabbit hutch and smelly with paper peeling off wall.Up graded for a fee to a better room which was satisfactory but still badly in need of redecoration.No real sign of management at any time. A great let down after so much looking forward.	
Mar 30 2007 	New tower and renovated rooms are great	We stayed for one night at the St. Francis as part of a trip up the CA coast. The check-in was seamless - we are SPG Gold members and requested a room with a view, and were upgraded to a bay view room on the 27th floor of the new tower.We were impressed with the room - nice renovation, not extremely spacious, but very nice and we had a great view (see the pictures attached.) The tower elevators are very fast and even give your stomach a bit of a flutter when you are coming down from a higher floor.We asked the concierge for a dinner recommendation and really enjoyed the restaurant he recommended (Bacar).Parking is very expensive at $45 a night plus taxes, but somewhat to be expected given the incredible location right off of Union Square.Bed and bath are the highlights (as is the case at any Westin), but the lobby area is really great too; old and historic feeling - SF's version of Chicago's Drake or NYC's Waldorf. The old grande dame of the city with a lot of history.Definitely worth the stay if you can get upgraded to a room in the new tower; all in all, a good stay in the heart of the city.	
Mar 28 2007 	Customer service does not exist here...	Pay lots of money for a room in a killer location but don't expect any kind of decent customer service at this hotel.I have been here almost a week for work and they just consistently try to make things hard for me.Charging me for stuff I don't touch in the mini-bar, extra charges for internet (7 days worth for 5 days), can't answer my questions when I call front desk... and all with a bit of attitude as if they don't really want to be bothered helping at all.Is it because of the reputation of this hotel? It's booked out and popular, that's for sure... so maybe they don't have to try anymore?Westin is synonymous with poor quality and bad attitude for me... and I will make sure I avoid them from now on in any city.	
Mar 28 2007 	blah staff	it's a nice looking hotel but the staff are completely dreadful, especially when you are paying $300 a night. Everything is an add-on, you need to pay $12 to use the gym, breakfast is about $20, a coffee is $4... the front desk staff are completely useless and unhelpful.	
Mar 26 2007 	Great...but it could all depend!	I arrived at the Westin St.Francis tired after a long flight. Check-in was pretty much seamless, which the receptionist available to check me in almost immediately. Having read reviews about this hotel, and having got a room deal on the web I was expecting the worst - and had been worrying that I would get stuck in an shabby old room. Well, I was about to (even the receptionist acknowledged that those sort of bookings tend to be placed in the worst of the rooms). However, he was able to upgrade me for $35 dollars a night - and it was well worth it. I got a very spacious room, still in the old building, which was bright, well equipped and extremely comfortable.The bathroom was smallish, but functional and the &quot;Heavenly&quot; shower lived up to it's name. The &quot;Heavenly&quot; bed was also a real bonus. Location wise, the Westin St. Francis was unbeatable, with everything you need close to hand - from a Walgreens for cheap snacks and sodas (don't pay hotel prices!) to restaurants to suit all tastes and budgets. Request a room fridge from housekeeping, which makes it handy to store stuff as using the minibar will charge if anything is moved. All in all the only downside I can see is that the basic rooms are pretty small and not all that good (having seem then when being cleaned) and the cost of internet access ($14.95 a day is a rip off, when some lesser hotels in SF are offering free wireless). It's worth paying that little more to get a better room though, if you can. It's in the staff's interest to upsell you to a better room, so don't be afraid to ask!	
Mar 24 2007	Beauty is skin deep.............	While an impressive looking property in a wonderful location, the room was small, stuffy, clean in a cursory sense only, and stuck off a back stairwell. The &quot;view&quot; was of a brick wall, which is to say there wasn't one. The concierge was polite and helpful.Other front of house personnel seemed stressed, disinterested, or otherwise occupied rather than focused on genuine guest service and courtesy.The doorman reprimanded me for hailing my own cab while he &quot;tended to&quot; other guests. He explained it was &quot;...his job to get the cabs, that's how we do it here...&quot;. I found his attitude and manner toward a guest of his hotel less than acceptable. Given the look and professed grandeur of the hotel, I expected more in the way of service, room amenities, and front of house courtesy. With the other options available in the Union Square area, my future SF travel plans will not include the Westin St. Francis.	
Mar 24 2007 	Very nice hotel if not for poor sound insulation	I stayed in the old building. The bed was the most comfortable I ever experienced at any hotel I stayed in the past, and I would sleep like a baby if not for my neighbour who was on the phone all night. The sound insulation is so poor that I could hear every little detial of his conversation, including details of his flight resrvation changes to Miami (at 2:40 am!) and excitement (clapping his hands) about some technical issues resolution in his back office (at 4:00 am, must be different time zone).A tip: my colleague who stayed at this hotel with me enquired at check in time if they have a gym nearby, and they offered him a complementary room equipped with a treadmill. The added bonus was that the room was like 3 times bigger than standard (which is very small, like 4 by 4 steps). Apparently this benefit is open to every guest, as long as they did not run out of those rooms.	
Mar 19 2007	Acceptable (just)	Had a room in the tower for 4 days. Corridors are gloomy and run down. Room was better but nothing to shout about. Saving grace is location. Next time I will look for somewhere else to stay.	
Mar 3 2007	Went Above and Beyond!! 	After reading the reviews, I wasn't sure I stayed in the same hotel. Started at checkin : could have checked in at 3:30 but desk clerk said if I could wait for about 30 min. I could get as higher room in the tower at the same price. She gave us each a coupon for a latte or capucino? at the coffee bar. Awesome so far. Went to the room and had a vw of GG bridge, Mark Hopkins, Coit Tower . and Bay. Others have mentioned the perfect location in Union Sq, Cable Car, Shopping, Close to Sears (breakfast), Dottie's True Blue Cafe on Jones (breakfast), Scalas (dinner), Scomas (dinner), etc BUT at check out when the Valet went to get our car he heard a thuid in our back storage area so when he stopped to check and opened the SUV back hatch, one of the expensive wines I had bought in the wine country fell out and broke . He told me what happened and offered to make up for it in some way. I told him the bottle cost $40-$45, so he talked to his boss and came back with an offer to make it up by crediting our bill. I just got my AM Exp statement and he credited me allright. In fact he credited me for the entire 3 nites we spent there ($153.90). N-I-C-E!!!! What an honorable and far more extravagant than I had expected. You'll love the StFrrancis. The cocktail/latte area in the lobby is excellent, as well as the super courtesy of the staff and our room was clean, good vw, etc.	
Mar 2 2007 	Memories that will last!	After months of research and obsessing over which hotel to book for our 15 yr. annversary trip, we chose the Westin St. Francis. We could not have been more thrilled! What a beautiful hotel. We stayed in a Grandview room in the newer tower rooms. To die for beds, awesome views and great room service. We ordered room service one evening and was delivered quickly and was DELICIOUS. For breakfast one morning, we ordered from the menu that you leave on your doorknob the night before and choose your delivery time. It was delivered right on time and was the best breakfast I have ever had! And the location is unbeatable. The cable cars, buses and BART are just short steps away. The hotel is really beautiful, convenient and safe. Take time to explore this historic beauty. I will NEVER stay anywhere else!!!TIP: You can walk to Chinatown or hop on the bus on Stockton Street. The 30 and 45 will take you to Chinatown, North Beach, Fishermans Wharf... get a muni passport for 3 or 7 days and ride unlimited rides on the buses, BART, cable cars and street cars. Alcatraz - Awesome, book tickets online if you can. Fills up fast. Bike the Bridge - If you are up to it. It is really a wonderful experience. The map is easy to navigate. Ride is beautiful and you ride a ferry back with you bike from Sausolito. If you eat breakfast out of the hotel, Sears Fine Dining is just up the street on Powell (Bkfst, Lunch, Dinner). There are several Lori's Diners up and down from the hotel.	
Feb 24 2007 	Sensational	After reading many reviews on tripadvisor. Me and my girlfriend left the uk for our first stop on our holiday of a lifetime. We did so going to san francisco with a worry about the westin, going off previous reviews!These worries were needless. As soon as we arrived we were bowled over by the grandness of the hotel lobby. During check in the man on the desk was very helpful, and spent time finding the best room available to house us in. We were given an end room, which had amazing views of Union square. The hotel is a historic one, and consequently so too are the rooms. Ours was huge, with of course the heavenly bed which is truely heavenly. The bathroom was on the small side but not worth a moan. You can hear the noise outside from cars and cable cars, but this is San Francisco if you dont like it go somewhere else!!!The rest of the hotel areas are well maintained and very nice. This hotel also offers the best location bar none. Cable car stop right outside. And walking distance to all the main shops. Macys, Bloomingdales etc. All in all a great stay. Leaves me wondering where have all the moaners been staying? It cant be here. Go for an end room, you will not be disappointed!!!	
Feb 17 2007 	Good place for locals and out of town folks	Okay....you live in the area and want to do something different.....hmmmmmm....Napap Valley? Sonoma? The coast. Why not pop on to BART and spend a night in the City! It was my anniversary so my partner and I thought, why not. We enjoyed the experience. Okay, okay...qualify the stars. I would give it a 3 3/4 if possible. As opposed to some of the reviewers, we asked for a tower room rather than a room in the older part of the establishment. Linens, pillows and mattress (as well as the view of the city and bay from the windows of our tower room) FIVE STARS. The linens and bed were VERY nice. I travel a fair amount for work and this was genuinely one of the nicest beds I've had the pleasure to sleep in in a long time! The condition of the room left a bit to be desired. There was duct tape around one of the widows and the carpet was slightly damp. As we opened the curtains when we first entered the room, one of plastic pullbacks for the drapes was on the floor. Some of the wall covering was peeling off of the wall by the windows as well. Yes, I understand this is a big and busy hotel but when I spend the kind of $$$ it would have been nice not to have damp carpet.The lobby is beautiful and location convenient to shopping and downtown. To my fellow bay areaians......looking for a fun night in the City? Give the St. Francis a try.	
Feb 15 2007	Wonderful Westin St Francis	Arrived from a very long flight from Sydney, to be warmly greeted at the Westin St. Francis. We were given the most amazing room on the 26th Floor overlooking Union Square, The bed was king sized and glorious. Windows opened slightly, which we like, so we can get some fresh air and hear the sounds of San Francisco. The shower was called &quot;heavenly&quot; and it was. Room service was prompt. The foyer area, contains a coffee shop and pianist. A short walk to any shops and cable car stop outside. A wonderful hotel.	
Feb 12 2007 	It was... average.	The front desk staff was very helpful they even got us a rate lower than what the website quoted ($210 vs. 245). they were very accomodating by letting us check-in late at midnite after our long drive from LA. we ordered room service and they were out of almost everything. so we picked what was left: a mediocre sandwiich and cheese plate. the room service took forever, we were informed they were understaffed that night (odd for a friday night).our bathroom lights had a flickering problem, but the room was pretty spacious. the decor our our standard was a letdown compared to the extravagance of the lobby. i was also dissappointed with the sheets, they were a little rough. i expected more for the prices they charge but you can't beat their location!	
Feb 9 2007 	A rip-off with good location	I've stayed in this hotel twice, the last time in February, I had a smallish single room. The room was so small, I had to squeeze between the bed and the desk when moving from one side of the room to the other. The view from the window was rather not thrilling but on the good side, the room was quiet and the pillows comfortable. The room did not have adequate furniture, and the available furniture was occupied with things like a minibar or a large TV set (not LCD but an old one), the was was very small, and the radio reception poor. I did not like the notice on the fridge saying &quot;do not put your own things into the fridge&quot; - not very friendly.Overall, the hotel was nice and chic although the room reminded me of an old theatre decoration. All staff was very courteous, the check-in and check-out smooth.The location is great, although there is a number of other, less pricey hotels in the Union Square area. St. Francis may be a bit on the snobbish side, which is probably the only explanation of its rather high price-tag.Everything in the hotel is extra: expensive parking, Internet, breakfast or drinking water. No tea not coffee in the room. Always had to wait for an elevator, obviously there are not enough of them to service the higher floors.There is free wireless from the Union Square, available in the front of the lobby.Finally, the hotel is quite okay, only the general rip-off attitude spoils the picture.	
Feb 8 2007 	Worst night of sleep EVER	The first night I was put in a room in what was clearly the old part of the hotel that had not been updated. The room was old, smelly and unfortunate. The walls might as well have been made of paper. I had very noisy neighbors that kept me up all night. I called the front desk and security several times and they did nothing. I did complain and then was moved to a very nice room that was like day and night. It was larger, new and lovely. I was paying almost $400 a night and would accept that for the 2nd room but I wouldn't pay $50 for the first room.	
