	Thanksgiving break	Hotel has perfect location: 2 minutes walk from Pier 39. Great price/quality ratio, nice design which makes you feel really on vacation - not on business. No free Internet in the rooms - lobby only, food and drinks are pricy - but there are plenty of places outside - so it's not a problem.	
	Almost there!	On a recent trip to SF, we stayed at the Fisherman's Wharf Sheraton so we could be close to the attractions and not pay an arm and a leg. Our room was clean and bright and when we called for more towels, we had barely hung up the phone and someone was at our door with the towels. We had great, friendly service from the time we checked in until the time we checked out. It's close to some really great restaurants (an old neighborhood Italian place, Ceasars, is within walking distance and has wonderful food!) and is still removed from the crowds. The only complaint I have is that being a pretty light sleeper, the road noise was bothersome. It's only a four story hotel so on the 3rd floor, we (I- my boyfriend could sleep through a tornado) heard all the buses coming and going and all the homeless people yelling all night long. I got used to it by our 3rd night, but still... All in all, it was a great place and a great bargain!	
	Great location and value for money	I booked this hotel through priceline and got a great rate. I stayed in the hotel for 4 nights in late November. I arrived a little early at noon and was told that the room will be ready at 3PM. No big deal as I can leave the luggages with them and did a bit of look around. Here is the greatest positive of this hotel, location, location, location. It is a stone throw from pier 39 and cable car terminal.The hotel has few hundred rooms so obviously my comment is in relation to the room I checked in - which is 2121 on the western side. No noise from outside apart from the air cond noise that others have talked about. It is not that the air cond is particularly noisy but just the fact that it goes on all the time - even when thermostat kicked in it still blows air hence the noise. There is a free in room safe to use. There is also a gym and it has been fitted out very nicely and modern. I think that part of the building has been rennovated recently. Staff are helpful and very pleasant on the odd occasions I spoke to them. I used the lobby free wifi too .. no worries. and if you have ipass etc, you will be able to log in through the wifi at your room as I discovered later :-)Starbucks coffee are complimentary. So given the hotel rate, I would recommend that as great value for money and I would not hesitate to stay here again. Also buy the citypass at Pier 33 and they will swap the boat ride with the Alcatraz tour with no additional costs. Great value for $59!	
	family holiday	very dissapointed as there was no food after breakfast.we stayed in the sheraton in LA the week before and the restuarant was open until 11pm. There was nothing to tell us before we arrived that we would not be able to eat there.Be prepared.	
Nov 24 2009 	This is a really noisy hotel	Do not accept a room on the ground floor as pedestrians can look directly into room from the sidewalk!	
Nov 20 2009 	Nice Hotel good location.	This was our 2nd visit to San Francisco and we had previously stayed at The Argonaut.We tried booking again through Virgin Holidays for The Argonaut but the days we required were not available so we chose this hotel instead. We actually got a good price (£580) for the 4 days that we spent here. We chose this hotel because of its close proximity for Fishermans Wharf,and Pier 39 which was one block away. Upon entering the hotel our initial thoughts were that it was not as plush and vibrant as The Argonaut however it was our home for the next four days so we plodded to reception. The receptionist greeted us with a smile and pleasant hello and was most helpful and we were soon on our way to the 4th floor. I remember reading on Tripadvisor that some rooms were located right next door to a bus depot and it was quite noisy, so when we were assigned our room i kept my fingers crossed that we would not get this location. Upon entering the room the window blinds were down and we were surprised with the size of the room as it was an attic type room with loads of space, we pulled up the blinds and ..........oh no !!!!! We were next to the bus depot! Oh well it might not be as bad as feared so before unpacking we decided to listen to the noise off the busses, so after 2 minutes we were on our way back to reception for another room the noise was quite bad however the room was excellent!We spoke to the receptionist again and she was just as pleasant the 2nd time and gave us a room on the 1st floor looking onto the courtyard. The room was smaller but very very quiet. The decor was a bit strange especially the carpet. The bathroom was tiny and i mean tiny, of all the times we had visited USA this was the smallest ever we had encountered the tub could have only been 12 inches deep, it was the strangest tub i had ever seen. The wardrobe was opposite the sink in the bathroom and there was an in room safe in there also. The beds were superb and we slept very well throughout there was also a Phillips 37&quot;LCD/Plasma in the room.We ate in the hotel each morning at the buffet it was $46 for two it was a small room and there were roughly 10 tables only,the price we thought was quite steep as we were heading to Las Vegas later in the holiday where their breakfast buffets in some of the decent hotels were only around $30 and the choice of food was far superior,although we were not complaining what the heck we are British , we rarely complain and we were on holiday also! We ventured to fishermans wharf each day to enjoy the surroundings and entertainment and food and ate at Bubba Gumps a few times which gives fantastic views of Alcatraz. The location of the hotel meant that we were almost opposite the tour bus pick-up point and we took the City Tour/ Boat combo trip and the Wine Country tour to Sonoma and Napa Valley. We also took the trolley ride to Union Square where we chilled out for a morning then a picnic in the maritime park afterwards a short walk away! On a visit to Pier 39 we encountered hundreds of japanese school children in school uniform milling about the place, thinking there must be a japanese school nearby, we thought nothing more of it until we saw them again when we were sat outside our hotel in the seating area heading into our hotel . We thought oh no all these kids - the noise ! We had feared the worst.... we were wrong ! These children were ambassadors to their country, not once did we hear them their behaviour was impeccable and they were a credit to their teachers , our worries were unfounded! Wish we could have brought a selecton of our British youth to learn from their example!!!!!I would say Fishermans Wharf would'nt suit everybody. In places it is quite trashy,tacky and very touristy, we have a place similar in England called Blackpool , however it is much much smaller than Blackpool and not half as dirty ! There is a huge amount of homeless people in the area however they rarely bothered you.Overall the hotel was quite good , very clean and expertly run and the location was excellent.In two visits to San Francisco i think we have seen all there is to see about the place. It is possibly one of the most beautiful American cities we have visited and the locals were very friendly ! The one drawback is that compared to other cities we have visited it is very very dear ! One day we will be back but when ? Who knows eh ?	
Nov 19 2009 	Good enough but a little strange decor	The Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf was quiet and nice but I had to give it an &quot;average&quot; rating because I thought the decor was very &quot;bright and sunny&quot; and &quot;loud&quot; for such an area. To me, it didn't match the feeling of San Francisco, rather a more beach town like Florida or something. It was mostly like this in the rooms. Otherwise, the parking is convenient (but pricey) and the staff is friendly enough. I was pleased because it felt very clean and that is very important for me.	
Nov 17 2009 	Freshly decorated but dont book on priceline	The hotel is as clean and pretty as the pictures look. The remodel is very tastefully modern. It is one of the most attractive hotels I have ever stayed in. I would stay here again IF, and only IF I booked it directly with Sheraton and not Priceline. When you book a room with priceline or any other travel site, they will give you the worst room in the hotel, the room next to the loud and ugly bus station. The bus station that has mechanics working on buses before the sun comes up. I think this is a tacky way to do business. If you are going to treat priceline customers like this, then do not allow rooms to be booked in your hotel using the service.	
Nov 10 2009 	Business only hotel	This hotel actually wrecked our holiday. They messed up the bill, charging me $400+ too much (I was not the only one to be charged too much), they appeared to have credited the amount, but after leaving, I had to return 2 days in succession for over an hour plus travel time each day, to try to sort it out, ruining a day when we could have been going on trips. Also it is very noisy from 4.30 a.m. onwards. It is primarily a business hotel and lots of meetings and conventions going on, which it is obviously more suited to. Definitely not a place for families.	
Nov 5 2009 	Good value for price and excellent location	Excellent location near Pier 39. Cable car is 2 blocks away. Booked a standard room and were upgraded to a deluxe starwood preferred guest room. Room was large and nicely decorated, with a sofa and complimentary coffe. Bathroom is very small, but new.Unfortunately, all rooms are non-smoking and I had to smoke outside at chilling temperature. Do not use their garage because is very expensive, just park on the roads near the Hotel. They charge for the internet	
Oct 24 2009 	Take your ear plugs if you expect to get any sleep!	I recently stayed in the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf with a friend of mine. As a Starwood member I expected an upgrade; however, when I asked them on the phone prior to the trip if I would get one I was told it would be difficult to do as an upgrade would put us into a King room and we needed a double room. So instead she said she would certainly give us a nice room on the top floor overlooking the courtyard so that it would be nice and quiet. As luck would have it, our flight was cancelled on the way to S.F. and we arrived a day late. I don't know if this was the reason we didn't get a &quot;nice&quot; top floor room overlooking the courtyard or not, but the room they gave us was on the third floor overlooking the hotel's huge air conditioning units affixed to a roof a bit lower than our floor. The hotel itself is an old hotel which has been renovated. Unfortunately, in this room, they left the old air conditioning unit and if it wasn't loud enough on its own we then had to contend with the monstrous ones on the roof outside our window. If that wasn't bad enough, the people in the room directly above ours marched back and forth across the floor from about 5:00 a.m., which was a further disturbance and the reason I had been specifically happy knowing that we were getting a top floor room. I asked for a room change the second morning and we were then given a room on the top floor HOWEVER that room was at the corner of two of the busiest streets in the area and, in fact, the F-line street cars roared past our room until all hours of the morning (I really don't know if they EVER quit). We eventually had to leave the window completely closed and turn the air conditioner on even if the room wasn't hot -- the outcome of that being that I ended up with a sinus infection from the air conditioning. Other than that, the hotel is very nicely decorated in colourful beach design. The lobby has a very open lounge/restaurant that is always full of people. We did not eat anything other than buffet breakfast the second morning, comped to us because I complained about the room we had been given. The breakfast was wonderful. HOWEVER, alcoholic drinks are very expensive, bottled soda is $4 and bottled water is $2.50. Outside the front entrance they have placed about six gas barbeque heaters with chairs and couches placed around them. It is a great area for lounging with a drink and having a cigarette if you are smoker. But be advised that these areas are always busy and most times we sat there we had to ask people if they minded if we joined them. This area is always VERY noisy, however, with people coming and going all day and night in vehicles and partiers coming back from their evenings out. Despite all of the above, the location is great. Would I recommend it? If you like to be in the thick of things and sleep like a log, you'll love it. On the other hand, if you like serenity, decorum and quiet while you sleep, you'll be very disappointed. I am the latter, and therefore cannot recommend this hotel.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Hotel	This hotel is in a great location for walking around the Fisherman's Wharf! The hotel was very clean, service was great and the rooms are very modern. I would recommend staying here to anyone and I will definitely be going back soon!	
Oct 16 2009 	Excellent location however everything in the hotel was expensive	This hotel is located 2 blocks from pier 39 which was a huge plus. The rooms were clean and the hotel was well maintained. The only issue I had was the pricing in the hotel. The parking was over 40 dollars a day and the food in the hotel was 3x the price down the block. In the morning they charge 4.44 for a small cup of regular coffee. We learned quick that there was a 7- eleven down the block though. This was a great location and the fire pits were a plus	
Oct 14 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	Wont stay anywhere else unless I have to . Very close to Wharf, China Town, Little Italy adn cable cars!	
Oct 11 2009 	good location	Very nice hotel in a great location. Close to street car and you could walk all around area easily. Very expensive parking at the hotel.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great hotel great location very comfortable!	We stayed at the Sheridan Fisherman's Wharf for a week this past August. The location is PERFECT if you are spending time at the wharf, which we were. It was very convienant to get anywhere, especially since it was a short walk to the trolley station at ghiridelli square. The hotel was very clean, and had nice amenities. My favorite part of the hotel is the outdoor fire pits. We would often go out and have a glass of wine/cup of coffee and read a book. Nice relaxation after a long day of sightseeing! The hotel has a nice cafe in the lobby, but it was extremely expensive. Breakfast on the go one morning was $22 for 2 people. We would often walk down and have breakfast at Boudini, the sourdough factory down the block... YUM!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Fantastic hotel,friendly staff,great location what more can i say. would recomend this hotel to anyone.Only downside i would say is that the bus depot is at the rear of the hotel and they usually start working at 5.30 am so if possible try and get a room near the front of the hotel!	
Oct 9 2009 	OK hotel disappointing breakfast	My partner and I only stayed for 3 nights at the end of a long vacation. The check-in was prompt and the lady was friendly, I thought the room was reasonably nice until I saw the bathroom which was ridiculous. Its smaller than mine at home! The you could barely get in and close the door it was that small and the plastic fake marble walls looked like a 70s throwback. I am a big fan of starwood hotels but this one disappointed me, although the staff were very nice the bathroom and the terrible buffet breakfast (which was pricey and pathetic) was a letdown. The location is great for fishermans wharf but aout $45 cab ride to the airport. Although we didn't use the carpark it was stupidly expensive!	
Oct 8 2009 	Helpful service made stay extra enjoyable	We recently took our 2 and 6 year olds to SF for the first time. The hotel was cheery, and provided a refrigerator free of charge since we had to keep medicine cold. I really appreciated that they accomodated this special need. It was a little loud street-side but it's what we expect when in a city. The kids appreciated a real bathtub instead of a shower! The hotel provides Starbucks coffee in-room, and we loved that they use recycled paper products.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location nice hotel	Great location for a family. Very short walk to Fishermans wharf and Ghiradelli Square. Rooms were very clean, bathroom sink area a little small.Staff very helpful and pleasant	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Stay!	This hotel has an excellent location to fishermans wharf! We walked everywhere. Parking is expensive at any of the hotels on the wharf so walking or public transportation is most desirable. There is a Safeway tucked away behind the hotel which was GREAT for morning food and snacks! and Trader Joes is nearby as well. We stayed here only one night since I used Priceline to rent our hotel rooms, we got a great price around 79 dollars if I recall correctly, but the room wasnt in the best location and was kind of small...although it didnt bother us a bit because we just wanted a comfy convenient place to sleep. The room was clean, no odors or any complaints. Id totally stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful San Francisco Experience	Very nicely located near Fisherman's Wharf. Clean, recently updated. Courteous staff. Start the day with quiet and calm experience of the wharf and end the day with its full of life activities. Will stay here again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Nice hotel for the price BUT...	My husband and I got this hotel on Priceline for $85 per night, which was a great deal in the middle of the summer. The decor was fresh and modern, and the staff was friendly...even though we booked through Priceline. I had read that sometimes hotels are not very friendly or accomodating to people who book through Priceline, but that was not the case at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf. Our room was large and had a nice flat screen TV. They have great firepits outside, which were a very nice touch. Here's the big &quot;BUT&quot;...our room was over the maintenance garage. Workers started moving and making noice around 6 am. I'll chalk up the room assignment to the fact that we booked on Priceline. The street noise was constant...our room was on a bus line...but that meant the location was convenient for public transportation, too. The hotel location was great...there is a Walgreen's and Safeway across the street. All in all, it was a good value for the rate we paid.	
Oct 4 2009 	Problems with walking - hotel situation ideal	I have walking difficulties so a lot of homework was done before we left the UK on the situation of the hotel etc. We needn't have worried cos the hotel was great and situated within 5 minutes of the cable cars, pier 39 and the hop on-hop off bus, and the tram car stop was right outside. San Francisco is very disabled friendly, and there were loads of seats wherever we went. To save time queing we purchased all our passes (Alcatraz / City Pass / Taxis ) on line. The hotel breakfast we felt was excellent value and therefore didn't need anything for lunch. The fruit was fantastic. Pier 39 is amazing. Wasn't impressed by the fire pits at the hotel.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great hotel room and location.	Positives:1) Walking distance to Fishermen's Wharf and North Beach -- It's probably walking distance to other places but those were as far as we got. If you go to North Beach, we'd recommend Golden Boy Pizza (a hole in the wall with GREAT pizza by the slice) and Mama's (I love it for brunch). Also, you can't go wrong with Boudin's sourdough (near the water in Fishermen's Wharf). Grab some sourdough and brie and you're all set.2) The room was fantastic -- incredibly plush and decadent. We got a great rate on Hotwire.com. Otherwise, our room with a King-sized bed would likely have been pricey. Only complaint: the bathroom was rather small. 3) Hotel staff were very helpful and friendly.Negatives:1) Parking is expensive -- Parking was $43/day or close to that. We parked at a nearby public parking garage instead which was $24 or $25/day.2) WiFi is not free -- I have found that the nicer the hotel, the more expensive the WiFi. This hotel charged over $10/day for WiFi. This was also the case at the Renaissance Nashville (a very nice hotel). In contrast, mid- to lower-range motels (e.g., Holiday Inn Express, Days Inn, Travelodge, Clarion Hotels) all have free WiFi.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Hotel and Perfectly Situated	We stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf on the last leg of our 3 centre trip (LA, Las Vegas and San Francisco - Virgin). After a 10 hour drive from Las Vegas, long and tiring, but enjoyable and all part of the adventure, the hotel was a welcoming sight and easy to find if you are driving into SF. Having read previous reviews remarking on the high parking fees (currently $43 a day + Tax (14%!!), I politely declined the valet's offer to park, stating that I would make my own arrangements. He seemed unphased by this which indicates a regular pattern. After unloading the car and checking in I parked the car in the multi-storey directly opposite for $25 a day flat and £30 a day at weekends. Only downside is that there is no drive out /in facility, so plan your stay if you use this park. That said SF is so easy to get around and the public transport (MUNI) is plentiful and easy to use, you don't really need a car. Check-in was quick and easy and we were in our room and settling down very quickly. The rooms are spacious, bright and airy with quite a modern decorative theme. Tea/Coffee (Starbucks) facility is available, as is an in room safe, but no fridge; that's an extra $10 + tax per day. I think that is an absolute cheek. Tip: use the ice bucket filled with ice to keep the milk cool. Yes the bathrooms are small but hey, it's a bathroom and how long do you plan to stay in there? Walking down the corridor to the room reminded me of walking through a giant tube of stripped toothpaste! When you get there you will know what I mean. My main criticism would be the aircon which is LOUD. Also throughout the night delivery trucks are ever tooing and frowing from North Point shopping mall, as well as noise from a large bus depot at the rear of the hotel; we didn't have that view thankfully - not good. So take ear plugs. North Point shopping mall is directly opposite and has a Safeway which will cater for all your needs and is open from 0700-2230 hours; there also a Walgreens. Trader Joe is just up the road one block. The hotel is a 3 minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf and all the touristy bits, so you are right in the thick of it. I recommend Boudins Clam Chowder in a sour dough bread bowl (yummy). An IHOP sits alongside the hotel on Beach Street, which offers a good selection, plentiful helping at reasonable prices. We tried the Beach Street Grill (mentioned in other reviews) and whilst the quality was top notch, the quantity was not generous and we considered it to be overpriced for what it was. One thing I did notice in the area at night was a considerable amount of 'down and outs' asking for money to buy food; although most of them smelt strongly of alcohol. Not a nice sight and at times was a nuisance. For those with small children be aware. The tram turnstile is 3 blocks along at the end of Beach Street, and is a must to experience. The are plenty of hop on hop off tour buses operating from Fisherman's Wharf, which is a good way to see the city. Sausalito and Muir Woods in Marin County, over the Golden Gate Bridge are well worth visiting - stunning scenery, giant redwoods and retail opportunities. Alcatraz is a must but book before you get to SF as it is extremely popular and fills up fast weeks in advance. Coit Tower offers stunning city scape views as well as the bay and Alcatraz. Tip: For Brit visitors, get a 10% discount card from customer services in Maceys in Union Square and save even more on your shopping; it's valid for 30 days. All in all an enjoyable stay in a wonderful city and a good hotel, ideally situated with all the usual comforts. Nothing flashy but if you are going to see SF, your not going to be in it much.	
Sep 26 2009	Not Bad For The Money Paid	First of all, let me say that I got a double room for $71 per night on Priceline. We were stopping over for only 1 night en route to the South Pacific and had just a few hours to hit the highlights of San Francisco. The Sheraton was very centrally located to everything touristy we wanted to see in the short time available. Considering the price paid I was expecting cool treatment and the worst rooms in the house. But I was happily surprised to be met by friendly staff who offered me a choice of bedding arrangements. The room was clean with very comfortable beds and linens. As noted by previous posters the bathrooms were dated and in need of upgrading, but for only 1 night we were satisfied. There was no street noise, nor commotion in the hallways at night.The concierge and bellmen were very helpful in assisting us in planning our short tour, and in booking our airport shuttle for later in the day. Check out was a breeze and our bags were stored until we were ready to depart for the airport. The free wi-fi in the lobby and downstairs cafe were welcome.All in all, we were very pleased with our stay at Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf.	
Sep 25 2009 	So Nearly a Five!!!!!	San Francisco was the first part on my recent trip to the States, and having stayed at this hotel a few years ago, decided to plump for it again..The hotel has recently had a makeover and i like the look, although others have said its a bit loud!!After the long flight from the UK, and a twenty five minute transfer the first thing you want is a quick and hassle free check-in...Got that no worries, we were soon on our way to the room, which for a change was on the ground floor..Now i want to say i normally prefer to have a room up as high as possible, so i thought well maybe it will be ok, to my surprise i never realised how much time you would waste in lifts over the course of a stay...In the hotel, a thirty second walk in the room, in the morning thirty second walk out of the hotel..Think about it...wait for lifts!!!!!???The room itself was nice, but on the small side, but as i have said i quite like the 'bright' colours!!The one thing which lets it down, is the design of the bathroom...Bath/Shower and toilet in one part seperated by a door, to the wash basin etc but with no external door..Now, although it wont bother some people, i didn't like it!! You could literally walk in the main door and have someone shaving, getting dressed on the left with no privacy!!!! Not ideal in my opinion!!The room did have a terrace overlooking the heated pool which was pleasant, the water was warm....once you were in it...We were out touring nearly all day so it was usually 8-8.30pm when we went for a relaxing swim, but boy was it chilly until you got in!!!!!All in all a very nice hotel, it would have got a five apart from the two issues raised above. I'd be interested in other peoples views!!	
Sep 24 2009 	VERY Comfortable Hotel!	My husband and I stayed here for one night. Our room was VERY comfortable. The bed was amazing. Great night rest. Very quiet. The hotel staff was very attentive! Great location. One tip. If you do not want to pay for the pricey parking at the hotel, park right across the street at the Safeway shopping center. It is around $20.00 versus over $50.00 at the hotel. The only difference is there is a fee is you pay each time you take your car out of the Safeway lot. If you are planning on just using city transpotation for your visit this is the way to go. Would stay again for sure at ths great hotel.	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel - very Good Location	It's an excellent Hotel, if you like Fisherman's Wharf. Perfect location: you can easily walk to the main destinations around it: 5 min to Pier 39, 15 min to pier 33 (Alcatraz cruises), 15 min to Girardelli and Hyde street (Cable car). All around you have plenty of bus stops, tourist trips stops, etc.Rooms are newly remodeled with a young Ikea style with bright beach colors. The bathroom is a bit small but ok. All is very clean and comfortable. Free wifi internet just in the lobby but works quite good. The pool area is nice and useful. In the lobby there is a little embedded Starbucks for quick snacks needs. Parking is a problem in that area. DO NOT use their expensive valet (43$ + tax a day). Better use the round-the-corner public one that costs only 25 (and no tax) a day. Very nice their fire pits relaxing areas outside and in the pool area, but I could never sat down in any of them because they were always full.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good hotel if you travel with dogs	The Sheraton offered the best rates on the wharf if you travel with dogs. HOWEVER, parking is very expensive. Just be aware... parking at the Sheraton is $42 per day. So for our 3 day stay, we paid an extra $126 for parking.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Location Nice Rooms	Great place to stay in San Francisco, lots of stuff nearby with Pier 39, can walk to most places. Easy to get a cab at the hotel. The rooms were clean and nice, although not spacious.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Stay	This hotel has a great location, it is easy to find and there are lots of parking options (valet to public parking). Nice touch with the fire pits outside the bar area and near the pool. Our room was very comfortable. The bathroom/shower area was small but no big deal. Liked the Starbuck's coffee in the room and the free bottle water for the Starwood guests. We did not eat in the hotel, there are many dining options near by, from Safeway, Ihop and all the fast food chains with in walking distance, and the classic Fiiisherman's Wharf choises. You can walk to Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf area and then up to the Cannery, Hyde Park Pier, and a cable car turn around.As a Starwood's hotel, we will come back and visit again when we want to be in the Fisherman's Wharf area. Our room overlooked the pool and we did not hear the street noise.	
Sep 14 2009 	What a nightmare!!!!!!!!!!	I could not believe this place. We called to let them know we would e arriving early and asked if that was ok and they said &quot;Sure.&quot; However due to traffic we arrived late and got there just a 30 mins after check in time. They then told us that the rooms were not ready and could be come back in 2 to 3 hours!!!!!! Are you serious? Then we came back they took us to a room that was clean and nice but all we could smell was cigarette smoke. They then moved us to another room on the first floor. Not so bad. However at midnight the same day the AC unit exploded and dumped water all over the floor and the room smelled of burnt electrical wiring. They first asked if we could wait until morning and we said &quot;no.&quot; Are they serious? So after going back and forth with the front desk and the engineer they moved us again to another room. 3 rooms in one night. Do you think we did anything for us to make up for this? Not a thing. I usually like Sheratons but this one has the worst customer service I have ever seen and I have been in the travel business for over 10 years. I will never go back to that hotel again and I will advise anyone who will listen not to go there either.	
Sep 12 2009	Very clean hotel with wonderful safe location'	My daughter and I stayed at the hotel for three days and loved it. Youthful, artsy, beach like decor. If you want sophistication, stay at the Palace. Very safe, near everything, and no car needed. Public transportation right outside. Walk to cable car turnaround. Love the firepits for a relaxing nightcap. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. It was very quiet at night, maybe because we were on the third floor and had a view of the entry driveway at the center of the building, but could also look back up and see the beautiful buildings on the hills. The Beach St. Cafe is great for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Dollar rental car is in the lobby so very convenient to pick up a car to continue your vacation, like we did, down to Monterey and Big Sur. .	
Sep 11 2009 	Stylish remodelled smallish rooms great location	We ended our trip to Hawaii with a 2 night stay here and were not disappointed. The hotel was completely renovated and the rooms are small but stylish. It has a small restaurant for breakfast, but we went to IHOP down the street. The location at Fisherman's Wharf is great, and we found the staff very helpful. I would recommend the hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	Good Value and Great Location	we stayed with our 3 children (ages 15, 14 and 10) in 2 rooms in August and enjoyed the proximity to the wharf and other attractions. We got a great price on hotwire and the rooms were spacious and clean. The overnight parking is outrageous but would definitely recommend to others and would stay here again.	
Sep 7 2009 	The goods and the bads	For the first time we stayed in the fishermanwharf area. I bids the hotel on priceline and got the awesome rates and was excited to be staying at the Sheraton fishermanwharf.we arrived by an airport express to the hotel at 9 p.m. got checked in and was put in a room # 5520. Since, we walked in the door we could hear the big aircondition (roof) noice not too loud though so, we didn't thinkg of it. In the morning my husband was angry that he didn't get a good sleep and we were tired of the worked week before and traveled the day before. We came to SF to enjoy our mini vacation. So, he went down and asked mgr for the new room we were granted. They'd moved our stuff to the new room when we got back from our day's out. They gave us a complimentary breakfast for our inconveniences which is the best breakfast there. The goods #1 location since we are a tourist we won't mind walking a few blocks to anywhere, we'd utilized the local transportations since, we bought a city pass booklet. It is saved us a lot of money not to have a rental car or hire a taxi or paying the muni each time we rides.#2 Room are clean, nice bed, bath room is adequate for what a traveler should be expected. #3 good management, if you have a problems bring it up to their attentions they will resolve it for you. So, don't go without get what you can be satified with.The BAD's#1 I lost my Lancome 'Kabuki&quot; brush. Any lady that know what it is. It is a big, soft natural hair (expensive) for loose powder. I lost it! I don't loose any item when I travel and I packed light. They have to changed our room once and we stayed 3 nights. Humm! cleaning service?#2 hall ways and signs are confusing!#3 some staff were not helpful!#4 Pool are not heated! we were shocked for that many stars hotel doesn't have a jacuzzi! .the day we arrived the weather dropped 20 degrees so, we were looking for a hot tub or just to ease our achy mucle from walking all day. but nop!Price wise $$$$ to much for that's amenities.Over killed on parking $$$$, Oh! forgot to mention they do have a business center which I thought it was a compliment. Nop! got to swipe that credit card to get to your email or to prints.	
Sep 3 2009 	Excellent hotel in perfect location	We stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf on our recent trip to San Francisco. This was a simple, no-frills hotel enjoying a fantastic location in the city. Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and the historic cable cars are within easy walking distance of the hotel. The Muni F streetcar stops nearby too. We took that to go to the Castro, The Embarcadero and Union Square. It was very convenient.The whole hotel looks hip and modern. The room we got isn't that big but it was clean, cozy and comfortable. It had a single-cup coffeemaker too, which was convenient because we couldn't wake up without coffee. The bathroom was spotless and came with Bliss toiletries.We had a cool experience with a front desk employee too. Coming from the Palace of Fine Arts, we took bus 91 then hopped off at Columbus and Bay Street. From there we kinda got lost and couldn't figure out which way to go to reach Sheraton. A nice lady asked us where we were going and when we told her we were going to Mason street, she told us to get on the bus with her since she was heading the same direction and will be getting off the same stop as us. When we got off the bus with her, she gave us which way to walk to get to Mason street then asked us where we're going exactly. When we told her we were going to Sheraton, she said she works at the front desk and will be coming in later. Unfortunately we weren't able to ask for her name and we didn't see her at the reception either. Whoever she is, God bless and her and God bless Sheraton for hiring such nice and helpful people.Sheraton is a great place to stay in San Francisco. If we go back (and I'm pretty sure we will) we'll definitely stay there again.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location and price	We booked 2 rooms through priceline for 4 nights. The location was perfect. We parked at nighttime on the streets for free after 7.00pm. If you self/valet park its around 43.00 plus tax per night. Be careful if you do park on the streets at night time as they do street cleaning on certain nights. Great city to visit. Lots of choices of restaurants/shops etc. Friendly staff and clean rooms. Try and get a room facing inside as it can be noisy with the F line tram going past all night. Free WIFI in the lobby.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great 2nd room! But horrible service and rude evening Front Desk staff.	We booked through Priceline.com. We thought we got a good deal/good location. - 1st issue: At check-in Prior to our arrival I had called their 800 number to check if parking was included for guests and was assured that it was, no problem. When we got to the front desk, there was only 1 front desk lady . We wait about 15 minutes to check-in and there tells me that parking was an additional$45 plus tax, about an even $50. I explain the situation to her, she basically tells me I am lying. Finally, we hear about the $20 overnight parking across the street, she has to get special authorization from her manager to let us take the car out of the garage &quot;but, right away&quot;.- 2nd issue: We get to the &quot;special price&quot; room, it is overlooking the San Francisco Bus depot. I went back down to ask them &quot;these buses are not starting at 6 AM, are they? Because that's not gonna work for us&quot;...I was expecting an answer alla &quot;Vinny Gambini&quot;.. The lady admitted they ran 24h. Another front desk lady who was nicer than the first one gives us a room on a courtyard instead - the room was great. Clean and very spacious, modern+ lots of storage.3) What bothers me the most: almost a week after our stay (August 24th) we are now today August 30th: Upon check-in, we were told the room was pre-paid through priceline but they needed to see my credit card and ID - no problem, here they are. The front desk person &quot;authorized&quot; in other words CHARGED $100 to my Debit Visa card- without asking me or even letting me know that they were going to do so. The next day, we are on the road at a gas station and my card is &quot;declined&quot;. My husband suggest I called the Sheraton to see if they had charged anything on my card since it was the only time I had used it was to pay for the hotel online. Indeed, the operator informs me that they had &quot;authorized&quot; $100 in case I would use the minibar...but nothing was charged since we didn't use any of their extra services. I let them know what an inconvenience it had been for me since it was an unexpected charge and was assured the $100 would be credited back to my card within 24 to 48 hours. False. It is almost a week later and the money is not back on my card. I called today and they said to call back tomorrow when the offices are open. I am getting the run around. Tomorrow, I will go ahead and let the credit card company do a charge-back. It is inadmissible. Just another way to make interests on money that is not rightfully theirs. Take $100 times 500 guests per day. Let that collect interests until they complain and literally chase-down their $100 if they want to bother. When you think most people only review their credit card statements every 30 days... it is very disappointing. Needless to say we will not be back to this Sheraton. They are crooks. It is located in one of the most prominent tourists attraction in the world.This Gives Sheraton a bad name .Corporate should really look into it..	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice Hotel....would come back	Very nice hotel in Fishermans Wharf, close to all amenities. Arrived at the hotel at 10.00 pm and was greeted by a very friendly receptionist, we got a room on the 3rd floor, the room itself was nice and big but the bathroom was tiny. The hotel is in a great location in Fisherman's Wharf, close to some lovely bars and restaurants, the food and drink in the hotel is quite expensive so worth while having a walk around, especially around Pier 39, it is only a block from the hotel. I would definately stay here again.	
Aug 26 2009 	Ideal location for short visit to San Francisco	We chose to stay at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf Hotel as it appeared to be in the best location in town and following on from some of the previous reviews offered clean and comfortable beds. It was a good decision.The hotel rooms are a good size (we had a King Bed) with flat screen tv, tea/coffee maker, individual controlled air con/heating (although old style) a chair, coffee table - we were on the third floor with a view over the entrance but were not disturbed by any traffic noise. The bathroom is rather on the small size (you have to almost stand on the toilet to close the door) and the sink/vanity unit is in a &quot;hallway&quot; shared with the wardrobe. (There is an iron/ironing board, hairdryer and safety deposit box as well).Disappointed to find that the hotel charges for internet access in the room whilst anyone who walks in off the street can have free access in the lobby. - Staff were very friendly and knowledgeable - they answered any questions we had with a smile and we never got the feeling we were just another one in the queue.The hotel is located just a few minutes walk from Pier 39, Cable Powell &amp; Hyde Cable Car stop and in easy reach of the ferry for Alcatraz.The hotel offers an outdoor swimming pool with a couple of sunbeds around so useful for a quick dip after a busy day out. The seating area by the main door with the firepits are an interesting feature.The hotel offers a basic snack bar in the lobby area however it is very expensive - (almost 5$ for a herbal tea !!!!) so more cost effective to have breakfast out in any of the local restaurants)One major thing to take into account when holidaying in San Francisco is the changeable weather....as Mark Twain is quoted as saying..&quot;The coldest winter I ever spent was summer in San Francisco&quot; ! Whilst the sun is warm as soon as you go into the shade (or on a bus or ferry) the wind can be freezing cold so make sure you take a warm fleece jacket / cardigan to use when needed.	
Aug 25 2009 	GREAT RENOVATION COMFORTABLE LODGING	Its been a few years since we stayed at the Sheraton in Fisherman's Wharf. Previously it was a dark place that was quite run down. The renovations they did are great. The entire hotel is now clean and bright, with decor done in nautical blues/greens/and white wash. It really makes you feel as if you are in a shore/wharf town, but it is not cheesy. The staff were very pleasant and helpful, and HONEST. We were going to book the Sheraton's in house shuttle for transportation to SFO at the end of our trip. It cost $17 per person and we were a total of 4. The concierge advised us that it would only cost a flat rate of $45 for her to arrange a Town Car instead, and therefore we would save some money. We found this honesty unusual and were very thankful. For 2 or less, their shuttle is a great deal. The rooms were very clean, but with small bathrooms (sink/vanity are on outside of toilet/shower/tub area). Would definitely stay again since this hotel is now much nicer than several other wharf hotels we've stayed in, all around the same price point .	
Aug 24 2009 	Honeymoon in California	I travelled in july to San Francisco with my husband. I trusted the reviews about this hotel and it was a good experience. Fisherman's Wharf is a great place to stay in San Francisco. Lots of restaurants and shops and very plenty of people during all the day. You have easy access to public transport (also the typical trams!!) and for all the available ferries to Sausalito and Alcatraz or bay tours. The hotel was nice with very comfy rooms. Staff was ok, thought I'm not very happy as one of my suitcase was delayed in London and it was arriving second day in my stay and althought I was all the day asking about it, I didn't receive any attention from the hotel and when I finally went again to reception desk very late in the night the just answered, oh! it's here with any intention to call to my room to tell me. Maybe the reason was I did not give any tip to the doorman the first day. Special thanks to the spanish concierge who gave us useful information and for other concierge who booked us good transport for the airport. Despite of the staff, I would return to this hotel and I highly reccommend it as it has good price-value relationship and special offers.	
Aug 24 2009 	Well located	A very busy hotel with extremely high charges for its food and beverage.We had a room on the third floor overlooking the bus car park. It doesn't matter where your room is - you face either the two main roads, a car park or another hotel.The actual room was large and well laid out with two (small) double beds. The window blind is operated by a switch by the front door - took the maid to find it for us. The room was cleaned well, and towels replaced. Despite us asking, and writing it down, the maid still only left us 3 towels between 4 of us. However, the pool area has a large supply of clean towels, so supplemented!There is an ihop diner just across the road at the corner, excellent for breakfasts. Ask for a kids menu if you have children, as the portions are very generous. There is also a 7-11 just round the other road, to stock up with water and essentials.The hotel is well placed for everything - and location wise you couldn't complain. The concierge service was excellent and very knowledgeable. Led to us having a superb meal in a cheap restaurant in China Town.We were expecting really good beds as other trip advisors have commented on this - but they were rock solid, and after 4 nights I was very glad to be going home. The air conditioning unit was falling apart and was very noisy, but having just come off a cruise, it just sounded like the droan of the engines, so we managed.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Experience	This was our first stop on our California trip. We stayed 4 nights and enjoyed the hotel and the location. I think the location is the best thing about the hotel. We found the people at the front desk to be very pleasant and accommodating. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 16 2009 	Wonderful location and service	This hotel seems to get reviews all over the range. While I agree with the small bathrooms assessment, really it wasn't that bad. Having only double beds was, in my opinion, more awkward. On the plus side, decor was funky, beds and pillows were very comfortable and service from the front desk and especially the concierges was superb.	
Aug 15 2009 	fantastic location hotel pleasant and would recommend	if you want to be in the right tourist place in San Francisco, this is the place. 3 minutes walk from FIsherman's Wharf, it was an ideal location.Lovely well kept hotel, with clean good sized rooms. Our room did back onto a side street with some sort of depot behind, so we did get disturbed some mornings quite early.Also, very impressed with security by maids when they pleasantly challenged us trying to enter our own room, that was open for cleaning.Food was very expensive, we gave it a wide berth and went to the IHOP around the corner, which was great for the kids.Very good business centre that allowed us to print our flight booking sheets free.Lovely fire pits to sit around outside at the front of the hotel. Concierge were brilliant and very helpful.On location, this hotel is great for tourists. Would need a bus/tram to get to shopping areas downtown, but there are cable cars around the corner on Mason St. If you have kids this is a great location to do the tourist stuff.	
Aug 14 2009 	fantastic - you certainly get what you are paying for	This hotel was quite expensive but we specifically wanted a hotel with a pool. We certainly got our money worth. The staff were attentive and knowledgeable. The hotel was spotless, cool and airy. The rooms were large, we had a couch that pulled into a bed for our daughter. Big flast screen tv that had loads of channels. The bathrooms were clean, but on a slightly negative note, very small, not a lot of surface/shelf area for three people's toiletries. The outdoor pool was heated and there were pool towels available. It was also shallow enough for our three year old to play in happily. The were great areas to sit outside the hotel around pit fire type things and enjoy an evening drink. Concierge organised our shuttle to the airport no problem. Overall a fantastic hotel which deserves it's first class reputation. I wouldn't be able to stay in many of them as they are expensive though, but nice for a one off treat for the family.	
Aug 13 2009	Very Mad AT STARWOOD!!	We were comeing back from sacremento and we wanted to be in a good location for two night's. we got there and becouse of there motel style lobby we went in to the non guest parking and when we got to the lobby they made us pay for non guest parking without giving us the chance to move our car. The lobby was very loud too, then the starwood peferd guest check in guy said that are reservation was for july 27 not augest 2, and they wouldnt give us the room, we gave him our recipt and gave us a room. I throught the firepits where for everybody but alot of drunk People took them up and were screaming all night .NOT A GOOD HOTEL	
Aug 13 2009 	Perfect Place To Stay	My husband and I found this to be the perfect place to stay. Our room was ready when we checked in mid afternoon. We were given a room on the forth floor, in a corner. We never once experienced any noise problems, although I read of many. Maybe it was our location that made the difference. Yes, there was a little bit of a walk to the elevators, but it never bothered us. Rooms were a nice size. Plenty of space for suit cases as well as drawers and closet space. A read a lot of reviews regarding the small bathrooms. I guess when we're on vacation...... the bathroom is the last place we're spending our time. Yes, the bathroom vanity is small but there is a shelf in the closet just behind the vanity, so we had plenty of room. The Safeway and Walgreens is just a short walk through a parking garage. As well as a Postal Annex. In case you're a shopper like me and need to ship things home.The Beach Street Grill is seriously the best place for breakfast. Good prices, good service and just a block away.My husband and I would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat. I guess if your looking for a large bathroom....... try the Ritz.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Location if you are a tourist and want to go places.	A nice clean, functional place. Nothing fancy but the king bed room had plenty of room for the two of us. You can go anywhere you want from here with all kinds of concections. Every staff memeber we met was pleasant. The fire pits outside are a nice touch and were in use by people at all times of the day.	
Aug 7 2009 	Good location for a short stay	Hotel is just one block from Fisherman's Wharf which, although a bit tacky, is still a must see for tourists. Its also well located for the cable car, Pier 39, ferry to Alcatraz etc. It has a good fitness centre and a lovely pool albeit we didn't use it as it was too cold! SF is much colder than we were expecting. Room with two doubles could have been larger but for all the time we spent in it it was fine - it was quiet overnight which was great. We didn't do breakfast but instead used the local Starbucks. Next visit we might stay closer to Union Sq. but happy with our choice on our first visit.	
Aug 7 2009 	Outrageous charges for additional services	I absolutely won't go back to this hotel - their additional charges are a scam! They charge US$49 per day for customer parking, when surrounding hotels can offer it at half that, or even free! They also charged internet per IP address instead of per room, WITHOUT INFORMING IT IN THE TERMS &amp; CONDITIONS! My husband had to access his internet for work while we were there, so my son and I thought we might as well connect our laptops and iPhone to the wireless network while he subscribed to internet. In our check out bill, we then realized we were charged almost $58 for internet per day - $14.95 per IP address!!To add to the charges, the location is great, but noisy. It's a popular hotel for tourists and weekenders, which mean a long line for check in and out and valet service. People and luggage trolleys were crowding the entrance because everyone was waiting around for their car to arrive (we checked out on a Sunday). And when we wanted to contest the internet charges at the front desk, there was such a long queue we decided instead to e-mail Sheraton's corporate office about it because we thought waiting around to inquire about it would make us even angrier.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great location nothing fancy	The location was very close to the touristy spots we wanted to hit. We chose this hotel because it was also very close to a Safeway grocery store and a Trader Joe’s. So we could pick up snacks and emergency goods. Which worked out great since some of the food in hotel was expensive. Brew your own Starbucks coffee in the room was a nice touch. The lobby and common areas were really nice. The fire pits outside were great but always busy. I couldn't ever figure out how to get room service which was a little annoying. All we got was a breakfast order form on the door. We were up on the fourth floor and could hear everything going on in the street. The sea gulls and traffic kept us up at night so bring your ear plugs. Other than that, it was a descent place to stay.	
Aug 4 2009 	Decent hotel but not quite up to Starwood standards	We are Starwood Owners and were a little disappointed in this facility. We took our 9 year old grandson to San Francisco to see the King Tut Exhibit and the California Academy of Science. Public transportation to and from Golden Gate Park was right at our doorstep. The location was great for riding cable cars and seeing all the attractions along Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. The outdoor firepits were wonderful for meeting other travelers and relaxing with a glass of wine. The rooms were VERY small and the bathroom was so small that we could hardly turn around. The beds were comfortable and everything was very clean. Parking is astronomical and we should have taken the advice on Trip Advisor and parked in the public parking directly across the street. Hotel parking gave us in and out priviledges, but when in San Francisco we always take public transportation so that is not really an issue.The staff was friendly and helpful.When we return to San Francisco by ourselves we will probably not stay there, but if we were again taking grandchildren along it would certainly be a choice.	
Aug 3 2009 	Comfortable stay great location	The location is perfect, handy for public transport, close to pier 39 and restaurants,safeway just behind the hotel whichwas very handy and within walking distance to great chocolate!!!!!!! The down side was the noise. I don't actually think it would matter where your room was the noise would be bad because the walls were so thin. We stayed for 10 nights and had a great stay but the noise was really starting to annoy us especially the banging of car doors.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great location for holiday trip	We arrived from airport by taxi ($50). This was a hassle as a family of 4 with luggage seemed to take the airport taxi system by surprize. We had to wait 20 minutes until a larger taxi arrived and there were 4 families off our flight who were still waiting when we left.Checkin was easy. First room alloctaed was overlooking the busy bus depot so I asked for a change as advised by TA and we were moved without quibble. Room for the 4 of us was a little cozy but we were only sleeping in it. Bathroom is on the small side but everything was clean etc. No issues. Free internet in lobby area. Parking in Hotel car park is very dear at $43 + tax. We had a car for one night and used the public car park behind hotel for the night for $25.Had a couple of drinks at bar but never ate in hotel. Pleany of options for breakfast and meals around area. Local IHOP was very popular but slow. Hotel was perfect for what we wanted near the pier for Alcatraz, Pier 39 for entertainment and cable cars etc. We found hotel ideal or our needs.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Location	Second time here. Sayed before the refurb and now after. Hotel looks a lot better but you can still tell that it is an older syle hotel. Rooms are an ok size bathroom is pretty small for a Sheraton. Location is fantastic being only 1 street back from fishermans wharf wich is a good thing as there is no noise. Also close by is a supermarket which was quite handy. The front area where you can sit and enjoy drinks around long fires is a great idea and a good place to relax with a drink after a days touring - as long as there is room as it gets very popular at night!	
Jul 30 2009 	Nice rooms.	We booked through Hotwire and got a good deal for the hotel. The hotel is in a good location right down by Fishermans Wharf, we found the area too touristy for us and did not spend much time down there but we did like the location of the hotel. It was right by a Trader Joe's, great for getting breakfast and dinner supplies if you are on a budget as we were. The only draw back was no fridge in the room, these could be supplied for $10 dollars day - we declined. We walked from the hotel to Union Square numerous times which was about 2 miles and it was hilly but we didn't mind at all. The rooms were nicely decorated and you got Starbucks coffee for the machine in your room, always a bonus.	
Jul 27 2009 	After they remodeled this hotel they took away it's class it use to have.	My wife and i use to go to this Sheraton almost every year, Once they remodeled this hotel they took away it's club level, they took away it's class. The blue and white beach ball hallways are a joke. The owners of this hotel need to go to Seattle and see a classy Sheraton. The hotel in Seattle have a very nice club level and the class the Sheraton in Frisco use to have.	
Jul 19 2009 	Decent Hotel - but no frills	I got a good rate on this hotel for business - but it really caters to tourists. It's strength is its location, for sightseeing. However, you'll need to put up with the decor which is circus-like. Also, the door that adjoined to my room had a huge gap at the bottom and allowed me to hear even the quietest conversations of my neighbors. The hotel also has a lot of wear and tear since it has so many guests. If you get a good rate, it might be worth it. Don't pay full price. Also, BEWARE the parking status. The charge for parking is over the top!	
Jul 16 2009	Good Location But Not Up to 4 Star Service	Just returned from Sheraton Fishermans Warf and was disappointed with the quality of the hotel. Usually stay at Sheraton and have to agree with one of the previous reviews now I have experienced it first hand- not up to usual standard for the quality of this hotel chain. Lacks amenties offered through other hotels-refrigerator and coffee pots and the restaurant has limited hours. Service is good and everyone is friendly but there is not a quiet room in the place- If you are a light sleeper. Rooms are small and the bathroom is a closet. You would be better off being a bit further back from the warf and getting more for your dollar. Spent two weeks with them and if I had not prepaid would have searched for another venue.	
Jul 15 2009 	Fun Hotel in the Heart of Everything	We really enjoyed our stay at the Sheraton at Fisherman's Wharf. I would not call it a luxury hotel, but I would call it a fun hotel. The staff was very nice. The lobby has a good vibe. We had a room on the top floor with dormer windows. I would request these rooms, because they feel bigger. The bathroom was standard issue on the small side. We really enjoyed the pool. It is hard to find an outdoor pool in downtown SF. It was heated and clean.	
Jul 14 2009 	Disappointed in Sheraton	We recently stayed here, and while it certainly wasn't awful, it was not quite up to the Sheraton brand. The rooms appear to be recently renovated and are comfortable and cheerful. The bathrooms, however, are very small.The hallways need some fixing up.The lobby is very attractive in a California style - cool colors, bleached wood, clean lines. Service was mostly friendly. I asked the concierge about a certain tour I had read about, and he had no idea what I was talking about, nor did he try to find out.We stayed there because I had rewards points, but it's doubtful I would stay there again.	
Jul 13 2009 	location was great hotel itself was like whatever	I stayed here on my first visit to san francisco, nothing special though. I was blown away with the parking rates, the location was great though! Everything was nearby walking distance. I didnt really like the decor, i thought it was kinda funky.	
Jul 13 2009 	excellent spot	After reading about one hundred reviews and being skeptical about this hotel, I must say this hotel is the closet to Pier 39, Ihop right across the street, Denny's not far. Close to everything. Fire pits are nice because the weather was 60 every day. It was exxtremenly cold the entire time we were there and alot of our plans were nixed because of the weather. This hotel was a great place to stay for 6 days, concierge was nice, front dest was cordial. Rooms were nice! not one single complaint and I am usually a complainer.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Value and Location	Got two rooms for three nights through priceline for a very good deal. Called the day of arrival and they accepted my request for adjoining rooms. Large rooms with very comfortable double beds and a small bathroom (OK for 2 people). Noise from above rooms was noticeable, and anything on the outside of the building will have street noise (location drawback). Concierge very helpful.F line street car across the street for access to BART was nice. We did not have a car and would suggest not bringing one.For good restaurant options at reasonable pricing take a short walk up to Columbus Ave/Union Street. Tuk Tuk Thai and Michelangelo's were two thumbs up.	
Jul 11 2009 	Location! Location! Location!	Great Location! Comfortable rooms!Its like a few minutes walk to everything. Even an Ihop.Value for moneyPros: Free wifi at the lobby cafe.Cons: No ref in rooms, You can sometimes here cars because some rooms are near the street.	
Jul 11 2009 	Location...location...location!	Just got back from a FABULOUS San Francisco trip. The Sheraton was very nice. This is a family friendly, safe hotel for those of you that are going to San Fran. for the first time and want to see the sights without renting a car!! Positives: All staff we talked to were helpful and very friendly. Extremely clean rooms, hallways, lobby, no bugs anywhere! Nice decor-bright paint, contemporary paintings and furnishings. Softest bed! LOCATION FABULOUS! Out the main doors are very nice firepits (It was a bit chilly last week...everyone was in windbreakers and sweatshirts...some were even in gloves and hats...windchill is very cool in the morning and evening.)Location: 2 blocks to the pier with shopping, bay cruises, wax museum, Ripley's Believe it or not; food like Rainforest Cafe, Hardrock Cafe, Johnny Rockets, Boudins; sea lions, Alcatraz.. 1/2 block from Walgreens, Safeway, Trader Joe. Across street from IHOPMinimal Drawback For Us: We were on a tight budget so....Breakfast was higher than we wanted to pay $25 ea. for the buffet (IHOP across the street as well as many breakfast places on the pier). Many nice restaurants within walking distance. Bottled water in hotel $4.00; at Walgreens across the street $1.29. We were told by a tour guide that the buildings downtown are made of wood so they can sway and withstand any earth activity. So....bring earplugs and ask for the top floor because you do hear others above and on your floor. We popped in our earplugs and slept great and were on our way.Bathroom is small as others have said but we didn't spend much time in it anyway. We were on the go in the city!These were the only drawbacks we had and they didn't affect our fun at all!Quick Tips: We took the shuttle from airport (upper level of airport) $17 ea and took a cab back. $40 Public transportation, cable cars, hop on and off trolley, and walking is very easy in the city...much better than renting a car. (I read from others that parking is quite high!)Great Plains Tours is excellent!!! 4 hour city tour in a small 10 seat van...ask for Judith...she loves her city...takes you to backstreets...lets you out to take pictures...is very positive and made our city tour incredibly fantastic!!Gray Line Day Tour to Monterery, Pebble Beach &amp; Carmel is excellent!! Matthew drove and gave us a mile by mile tour...he is a walking encyclopedia of facts...he told us everything you could ever want to know about the area we were driving in...FABULOUS!	
Jun 28 2009 	Won't Stay Here Again!!	As a consultant, I travel a lot. I am used to the mix ups that occur at hotels, and the occasional hotel created inconvenience. I have learned to be patient and understanding over the years.However, the flat out incompetency and outright lies from the staff here are unparalled in my experience.Giving away our rooms and lying to our faces about only to be caught moments later, moving us from room to room to room in the process to fix their mistakes, and the icing on the cake - doubling charging us on two different credit cards for the stay - I question the ethics of their manager and certainly say that the customer service STINKS with a capital &quot;S&quot;. I know I will never ever stay there again, and may question staying at any Sheraton (out of principle) again!	
Jun 17 2009 	OK hotel in great location for sightseeing	We stayed here in Feb. while my husband had business meetings and the kids, grandparents and I went sightseeing for a few days. The hotel itself is kind of &quot;tired&quot;, but it was clean and the beds were comfortable. The bathrooms are very small and &quot;tired&quot;, but again they were clean. The main draw of the hotel is the location. It is a quick walk to Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatraz cruise, restaurants and trolleys. There is a grocery store and pharmacy across the street, so you can get snacks for the room. There is a small pool, but we did not use it in Feb. Overall, it is a good base for families to sightsee from, but I would advise against it for romantic getaways!	
Jun 16 2009 	Hugely Disappointed	Stayed at this hotel in our last stop of a LA, Las Vegas and San Francisco tour and were looking forward to a repeat performance from Sheraton as we stayed in Anaheim on the first stop of our tour and the Anaheim Sheraton could hardly have been better however arriving at Fishermans Wharf San Francisco it soon became obvious that it was a very different story, to start off with the hotel was surrounded by car parks and a bus depot with no sea views from any rooms as advertised!! Once in the rooms the single glazed windows were very drafty as well as letting in A LOT of noise in from outside especially from the bus depot at all times of day and night, to top the lack of quite off the room walls and floors seemed to be wafer thin as every noise from the surrounding rooms could be heard, the facilities on offer were also fairly poor with a not to everyones taste sushi bar as the only restaurant, no shop, pay by the minute internet access (free in sheraton anaheim) and generally an unwelcoming entrance area, obviously a modern feel is trying to be achieved but at the cost of comfortable, welcoming surroundings! The staff were generally not very welcoming and would rather keep their head down than say a simple good morning which again is a direct contrast to Anaheim where the staff couldn't have been nicer!! To top everything off you are expected to pay $50 per night to park your car, I have never written a letter or comment of complaint before but feel so let down on our Honeymoon by this hotel the day of arriving home I felt it necessary to make comment,	
Jun 15 2009 	Very cleancentrally located and there is public parking across the street!	We stayed here for 3 nights. We all really liked the decor, modern and comfortable. Yes, the bathroom is a little small but exceptionally clean and detailed. We didn't have a problem with noise, we had the a/c on ( which fortunately was noisy) and we requested a room fan which was great.The firepits were really nice but they need more of them, it wasn't easy to find a vacant area. The gym was great, very up to date machines and good selection of cardio and weights.We have an SUV and the hotel wanted $57 plus tax per night to park as it was classed as an oversized vehicle. Literally just across the street is a public carpark which cost us $30 per night (it's $25 during the week) . It was $85 for 3 days/nights parking. It was very easy to take our bags over to the car park. Trader Joes' and Safeway are very close to the hotel, great for snacks, sandwiches, wine etc.,!	
Jun 14 2009 	Sheraton Vacation Hell	I recently visited San Francisco , Ca. on 5/23/2009 for a weekend holiday vacation, which turned into a nightmare, a gift that keeps right on giving. My expectant daughter in law and myself had planned this trip for months, I'd even secured the days off work over a year ago. I wanted to share some good times and bonding together before my first grandchild is born this October.Upon arriving at the Sheraton @ 2500 Mason St . I pulled my rental into the access driveway and was greeted by a valet asking whether or not I was registering as a guest, he instructed me to park the car, I inquired about the overnight parking rate for quest. I told the valet to wait right here I'm going inside to check, because as timeshare owner parking is usually complimentary. I went inside lobby and waited in line to be registered, My daughter was in the car, and she grabbed her luggage and the car keys, and came inside to wait for me. I registered and then noticed my car had been moved. I informed guest services that my luggage was inside and would need to be retrieved. I then went out side to valet parking area asking about car, luggage and a claim ticket. The valet atattendant says to me “Oh that woman took the car!&quot; A woman I later find out that both valet and management staff were aware of, she had been approached the same day about getting in and out of vehicles that did not belong to her. The manager on staff admitted to speaking with the woman earlier and stated he was careful not to offend her because she may have been a guest. He stated she informed him that she was waiting for her boyfriend and had been stood up. I questioned other staff and guest who say they too saw the woman in the valet parking area earlier that afternoon.The manager assured me he conducted his own &quot;investigation&quot;, he said he knew the women's identity and myspace information, stating that she was a local DJ in the area. I was and still am devastated! My entire holiday weekend, not to mention my life is in turmoil! I have not only been put in a major lost situation, i.e personal property, money, time, work time-pay, mental anguish and just total stress. But this by no negligence of my own other than to assume I was lodging in a well known, high end establishment were both myself and my belongings would be safe. It took hours before any staff member was to inquiry about my well being, not one manager shown any empathy towards me, my pregnant daughter or our situation. The manager never once personally approached or even called my room to say anything, never updating or relaying any information from his own personal &quot;investigation&quot;. Only after I approached him at 8:30pm- 5 hours after the incident did he offer to compensate us with a meal. Enough? I was left with only the clothes on my back. I found out through my own investigation that the car was apprehended and an arrest was made in Pleasanton , Ca. roughly 40-50 miles away. I had to stay an additional night, courtesy of the Sheraton, purchase another plane ticket (the cheapest route), missed work pay and travel round trip 5 hrs to get my personal belongings. I made the best of a bad situation, what? I had no other choice. My out of pocket expenses include the original plane tickets for a holiday not happy, the rental car for 3 days which I drove for less than 45 minutes, the clothes and shoes, the toiletries I had to purchase, a new cell phone, a lost digital camera, the keys to my personal vehicle ($200), not to mention the claim against me from the car rental company. You say the Sheraton is responsible? They say something different, the insurance claim by the Sheraton's Zurich services corporation was denied, stating &quot;we do not feel our insured is responsible for your damages. It appears that your vehicle was not in the care and control of our insured when vehicle was stolen&quot;, that means I did not have a claim ticket. I was on the Sheraton's property for less than 15 minutes, you figure it out This situation has me so stressed out and depressed, filled with so much pure anxiety it has effected my work performance and my every day relationships, so much stress so I have sought counseling through my employee assistance program. I went to San Francisco to attend a Timeshare meeting as a secondary obligation, my first and foremost obligation to myself and my daughter was to enjoy my holiday and have my daughter -n-law enjoy some time before the baby arrives, but this was a total nightmare. I am angry and greatly disappointed. I need answers immediately.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great hotel in Fisherman`s Wharf	Great hotel at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco. It is close to every attraction in there for tourists. Be aware if you came with car, because the parking fee is expensive.Also, pay attetion at the room that they gave you, because some had the sun hit direct in the window at the end of the day and the room became too warm.Location is first grade. Service and cleanliness also. Internet charged 15.00/dayNice tables with fire outside.	
Jun 11 2009	Average	I actually stayed at this hotel in Nov/Dec 2003 but I could not go any further back on the date of stay option and wanted to write a review.The hotel was okay but nothing special, I was actually a bit disappointed and was hoping it would be nicer. It was mum's 50th and we had arrived in San Francisco, stayed about three nights before hiring a car and heading to the Napa Valley. We then headed back down route 1 all the way to San Diego, stopping at Cambria, Carmel, LA and other locations en-route.Fisherman's Wharf is the poorer part of town and going out the hotel at night was not so nice but I felt safe enough, just perhaps more alert to possible danger.The hotel was a touch dull and had no thrills but it was clean enough and we still had fun. We had a few nice meals out at nearby restaurants at Fisherman's Wharf such as Bubba Gumps but next time I return to San Francisco, I will stay in Union Square.	
Jun 5 2009 	Odd motel that smells like a pet store	The taxi ride from San Francisco International Airport to the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf costed $42 plus tip on a metered cab. The hotel is located a block or block and a half away from Pier 39 where there are a lot of touristy restaurants (do not eat at the outdoor stalls). I'm assuming there must be some local law that restricts all the hotels in the area to three or four stories and to look like motels or something because that's what this hotel looked like (as did even the Hyatt nearby). It's really ugly. The interior of the hotel has some kind of colorful beach or aquarium-theme to it. There were hallways with beach balls and blue and white stripes. It was strange and tacky. The room smelled like a pet store. I asked to move to another room and it smelled the same. No amount of air freshener or opening the balcony door would alleviate the stench of dog hair and fish tank. The front desk staff said it could be because of the cleaning agent used and I think she was right because the hallways smelled like this, too, but less than the rooms. I can't imagine why they need to use such a stinky cleaning agent. I wanted to immediately move to another hotel, but I had no choice because the rooms were pre-paid. The room looked clean, but again the interior design and furnishings were not my style at all. In other words, they looked CHEAP. The bathroom was divided into two compartments (sink/closet and toilet/bathtub), but it wasn't big so it felt very cramped. The bathroom toiletries were below average in quality and only one bar of soap was provided so I had to alternate the one bar of soap between the bathtub and sink the first day until the housekeeper brought another bar of soap. The water pressure of the showerhead was weak.No slippers or robe were provided. The carpet smelled so bad that I didn't want to walk around barefoot. Instead, I used my flip flops. There was NO refrigerator in the room. How could a four-star establishment have no refrigerators in their rooms? More interesting to me is how anyone could rate a hotel that has no refrigerators in their rooms four stars?!! This hotel is listed as four stars everywhere. It is NOT four stars!!! I asked for a quiet room and I was given a room with a view of the airconditioning system. Funny thing is they block the view of this in the hallways by frosting the windows, but not in the rooms. When I changed rooms, I got a view of the courtyard and the room had a balcony. So that was much better. But I can't imagine staying in a room with a view like the former. Because the hotel was only three or four stories high, it was wide and so it took a long time to get from one room to another. It could literally take up five minutes to get from your room to a room on another floor. The whole time, of course, you'll smell the dog/fish carpet in the hallways.The guests are primarily middle-class American and European tourists. I also saw a small tour group of elderly Japanese people. There is room service, but I did not use it. I think there is a restaurant, but I only saw the cafe which had $4 croissants. Parking is $50 a day. I did not use parking, but I would feel totally ripped off considering it was cheaper right at the pier.SUMMARY: There is no way this hotel is four stars. It is more like two stars. The only thing that was acceptable was the front desk staff. They seemed alright and actually tried to be helpful and polite. But that was it. I did not like this place at all. It felt like a semi-cheap motel in Northern Florida and smelled like one, too. For the same amount of money, I think I'll try a hotel in Union Square rather than Fisherman's Wharf. I would NEVER stay here again.	
May 30 2009	Good location low price	My daughter and I stayed at the Sheraton for 6 nights, 5/12-5/18. The staff was great - emailed me asking if I needed anything a week before we left. We checked in at noon and they offered us the room immediately, no wait for 3 or 4 pm. I requested a fridge (extra cost), they had one in my room 15 minutes later. I changed my mind about the fridge that night at 9pm, they took it out, no charge on my bill. The place was clean and teh staff terrific. The bathroom is small, but not a problem at all. Food is expensive here, but there is a grocer and a drugstore across the street. Conveniently located near the cable cars and right on the F line. Get a MUNI pass. Close to the wharf, but far enough away not to get caught up in the evening craziness. try the Beach Street Grill for Breakfast - no wait - homemade food, good prices and the staff take time to give advice to out of towners. We ate there everyday. For $150.00 a night I was very happy with the hotel.	
May 28 2009 	No frills	Really just another Sheraton, nice rooms, super service, waaaaaay too expensive.....	
May 27 2009 	Nice Hotel in Fishermans Wharf	Just returned from 3 nights at the Sheraton Fishermans Wharf. A nice facility in the heart of Fishermans Wharf. Our double room overlooked a/c units on the roof (I don't think any of the rooms have much of a view). Room was well appointed &amp; clean with great beds. Bathroom was extremely small as stated by other reviewers, contained tub and commode. My only complaints are no free wifi in rooms and ridiculous prices at coffee bar in lobby.	
May 22 2009 	Cool little hotel	This place was neat. Fun decor (very beachy), and nice rooms. The location was very touristy (about two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf), which is good if you're looking for that.	
May 20 2009 	great position - loved the decor	Excellent position for all attractions . Good impression on arrival - fire pits outside with seating area. Our room overlooked a courtyard and was quiet. Good sized room - loved the furnishings and decor leaning towards boutique style. Loved the shaky blue stripes in the corridors. Hotel had a sense of fun about it. Very friendly staff who were very helpful. Loved the fish and chips in the informal restaurant - only trouble for us Brits is the price. Not many dollars for the pound. Buffet Brreakfast very expensive but good. One evening too tired to go out but because of prices shared a sandwich and plate of chips. Plate of chips so enormous was big enough for 3! Dont need a car as local transport good. Open top bus across Golden Gate Bridge a MUST. Crab stalls nearby great when you haven't much cash! Would come back here again.	
May 15 2009 	Beautiful room but no view. Excellent location for tourists.	This was an excellent value considering the location and the room. The one drawback was the $43.00 per day parking (which was then taxed $6.50 per day). This is a full service hotel with plenty of amenities on site.	
May 15 2009 	Great location	We spent 3 nights here. The location is fantastic. Found the staff friendly and helpful. Bed very comfy. Room was rather warm so we put air con on at night and it was very noisy! Yes bathroom is small but who cares, you are only in it to wash!! Breakfast wasn't included in our package but heaps of food places nearby. Loved the fire pits idea.	
May 13 2009 	Newly remodeled and already looks dated	I booked this hotel a couple of months ago when I'd read about a special on Travel Zoo. The room was $109 per night, with tax, $125 which I thought was a good deal for the week before Easter. I read they had just finished a multi-million dollar remodel and the location seemed good, so why not? Plus, I'm a Starwood Preferred Guest, so I figured I'd get points and hopefully a decent room. Normally, I would try Priceline, but we wanted to stay in the same hotel as our friends and we could not guarantee that with Priceline because they would be arriving two days later than us.Because we'd arrived so early in the day (around 11 AM), people were still checking out and the desk clerk has a hard time finding a room ready for us. Finally he does, up on the 4th floor (the top) and says it's an SPG room.The Good: The hotel is in a good location in that it's right by the wharf, walking distance from Little Italy, and on the F tram/bus line. There are also numerous bus lines close by and a cable car terminus within a few blocks.Across the street is a Wallgreens, a Safeway, a small mall between the two and a Trader Joe's a block away.The room we had was a decent size with a King bed, large flat screen TV and a sofa. There is a safe large enough for my small laptop in the closet and they offer free WiFi in the lobby.The Bad: None of the rooms have a view; &quot;We don't sell our views&quot; said the guy behind the front desk. Some of the Starwood properties have &quot;heavenly beds&quot;. This one absolutely did not. Given the remodel, I thought the mattress would be new and/or more comfortable. I don't think it was either. The bathrooms are minuscule. It was hard to close the door to the shower/toilet room while standing in it. The rooms don't have minibars/refrigerators.Finally, I have no idea what made our room an &quot;SPG&quot; room because there didn't seem to be anything different or special about it. The hotel has been newly remodeled and the decor is supposed to be a &quot;nautical&quot; theme. But the bright colors and decor just look loud and in a few short years will look very dated.Would I stay here again? Probably not. It wasn't horrible, but I think I'd try to get something better on Priceline next time.	
May 11 2009 	Not as nice as i thought it would be nice fire pits though.	When i arrived at the hotel, i had the airport transfer from hell. So i wasn't particularly in the mood to be greeted so abruptly by the hotels reception staff. No hello and welcome, just a male receptionist who screamed at me &quot;What is your name?&quot;. The hotel was ok at first sight, but nothing special. The room was clean and tidy and a decent size. Beds were comfortable. However, i notice that each day the corridors were hardly cleaned, with room service trays left outside hotel rooms for nearly a full day.The location is good for fishermans wharf and transport and this would be the main reason for staying here.Business Center is expensive, parking is extortionate.For a Sheraton hotel, i was left disappointed and i wondered did i get the Sheraton with poor customer service and that was a little grotty. My advice, stay here if you get a good deal and you want a handy location, otherwise try elsewhere.	
May 3 2009 	Great location.	We stayed here for 4 days at the end of our holiday. The hotel was very clean and tidy and the staff very polite. Our room was nicely decorated and the beds very comfy! The only problem was the bathroom was very small, there was no fridge (luckly it was cold) and the air con was a large box in the corner of the room. The layout was also a bit of a maze and took a while to find our room. The shop was also expensive $2.50 for a banana and the restaurant only did a buffet for breakfast which would of cost $50 a morning. San Francisco was fab and the location was great with walking distance to the piers and cable cars. Will definately come again and would stay at the Sheraton.	
May 1 2009 	The Beach Streetgrill/San francisco/Sheraton Hotel	The Hotel was fine we enjoyed the rooms while we were there,very convienent and close to everything. We had tried to find a Restaurant that served breakfast all day. And good homemade cooking besides the Ihop food (gross).Finally, we stumbeled upon The Beach Streetgrill restaurant The food there was fantastic. homemade biscuits W/sausage gravy, Homemade fresh blackberry pancackes. This place was so resonably priced and the food was just great. The Homemade clamchowder was the best around the wharf. I will certainly tell all my friends about this place. They serve charbroiled ribeye steaks for dinner too.Next time we visit San Francisco We will stay at the Sheraton. The restaurant is one block down towards the cable cars.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great location lots to do	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel very much. It's in a great location...close to Fisherman's Wharf and public transportation. The lobby is modern and clean, the rooms are spacious and the beds are extremely comfortable. The staff was courteous and very helpful. A nice bonus were the fire pits outside the lobby bar where you can sit and have a glass of wine in the evening.Unfortunately, I did have a few complaints. The bathroom was way too small even for one person, let alone if two people are trying to get ready at the same time. Also, I got an unexpected wake up call every morning at six when I could hear the people in the room above me walking around. If you plan on staying here, I highly recommend you try and get a room on the top floor.	
Apr 22 2009	Perfect for Smurfs	Cannot fault the hotel location at all. Situated just off Fisherman's Wharf and right next to a supermarket this hotel is great for people wanting to be well connected to civilization. Great transport links also mean that you are well connected to other parts of the city as well.The actual room itself is fine. The bed is amazingly comfortable, but there are some very annoying features. The biggest and most ridiculous aspect of the rooms are the abnormally small bathrooms. They are so small, you can't even do a 360 in them without giving yourself a concussion. This may be fine for little people but it's simply very uncomfortable for anyone over 5ft tall. The clothing hooks in the bathrooms are also so small that you cannot hang anything without it falling off instantly. This may seem very petty, but believe me, is VERY annoying.Another point worth a mention is the Air Con...it's the size of a range cooker, and earth shatteringly loud.Also, the hotel layout is like a maze, and finding your way to your room from the elevator can be an expedition.Still, if your young, healthy and consider yourself vertically challenged, this may well be the perfect place for you!	
Apr 21 2009 	Nice stay	We stayed for 3 nights and had a wonderful time due to its central location. It was an easy walk to the pier, Ghiradelli square, and catching the Muni or the F Car was a cinch. The clerk and concierge were helpful and polite. Overall, the hotel was clean, nice beds, and good value for the money. There's a nearby IHOP which was a much better place for breakfast than the hotel's restaurant (much better values). We didn't drive here due to the parking cost, and that was well worth it since the public transit here is pretty easy and doable, saving $50/night! We would definitely stay here again, if the price is right.	
Apr 21 2009 	Decent stay hidden costs nice location	Having stayed at this hotel several times over many years while vacationing in SF, I find its location and access to major roadways very easy. But, there have been changes that I noticed on my recent stay. The room prices are competitive. The lobby has a nice, clean and modern appearance, probably recently renovated. Not so for the rooms, however. They are reasonably sized but bathroom is divided so that sink and washing area opens to sleeping area without a door. Washing in the AM awakens any others in the bedroom who might be sleeping. The toilet and bath are in a separate room adjoining the wash area but strangely the same light switch controls both areas. If all you want to do is shower in the AM, the light switch controls lighting in the wash area. When I arrived to the hotel, I was surprised (shocked?) to discover parking would set me back $43 a day. Worse yet, unless you use the valet service, you'll need to get your parking stub certified in the valet hut in order to leave the parking lot. So, you'll have to take the elevator to the main floor, leave the main building, go to the valet hut, get your parking stub certified, go back inside the main building, take the elevator to the basement parking level and drive away. And, you pay $43 for this &quot;service&quot;! Ok, ok, you can use the valet service and avoid this nonsense but then you'll need to add up the tips and the waiting time. The WiFi also costs at this hotel -- $14.95 a day although there are free hot spots in the lobby. The way I figure it, this hotel hasn't figured out its identity --is it a tourist hotel or a business hotel. Everyone I saw was a tourist and the last I checked the business hub is downtown not in Fisherman's Wharf. In summary: nice lobby, decent rooms, good location for tourists but hidden costs that could significantly add to your final bill.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great Location	We stayed here for 6 nights in September 2008. Our first impression was this was a modern, clean hotel. Check in was fast. Our room was located on the ground floor. It was very bright and the decor was very pretty. Our room had two double beds ... very comfortable. The bathroom was small but clean and they supplied very nice toiletries. Because our room was located on the ground floor you can hear any movement from the rooms overhead which is frustrating at 5 o'c in the morning when you are trying to sleep. This happened every night of our stay. We had breakfast on one morning was nice but overpriced. The internet is really expensive to use here. Also I would seriously advise NOT to use the telephone in the room. I made two extremely quick phone calls to Europe and was charged $125 which needless to say i refused to pay. I ended up having to pay $60 which I was still was not happy about. This hotel is in an excellent location in Fishermans Wharf, near to Pier 39, lots of really good restaurants, the trams and cable car and the ferry to Alcatraz. It is a nice hotel but the extras make it expensive to stay in.	
Apr 16 2009 	Good Location ...But take your ear plugs!	We stayed here for the first 5 nights of our holiday. The hotel is in an excellent location, within close walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf and all attractions. The hotel was clean and modern and most of the staff were friendly and helpful. Now for the bad points....breakfast is far too expensive at $19 per person + taxes, car parking was $40 per day + taxes, internet access was expensive too. Be warned if you print - it rapidly uses up your credit! The worst part of our stay was the noise from the room above (maybe pack your ear plugs?!!!) and also the reception/parking lobby outside. In summary, the noisy rooms let down the standard of this hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	Beware of this place!	Upfront - we canceled our reservation after having to contact the Sheriton Headquarters. The hotel did not disclose the $43.00 (Almost $50 with tax) nightly rate for parking. I spoke with numerous people about it including the General Manager who hung up on me when I asked for the name and number of his supervisor in Sheraton.In my opinion, they tease you with a good rate, then hit you with the parking fees to make up for it. Other nearby hotels charge from $20-30 per night so be sure to facter in parking with the 15% tax rate on it when you are determining your cost.When I called the Sheraton in New York, they offered to reduce the parking rate slightly, but by then I was so upset about what seemed like a bait and switch practice, I canceled the reservation and stayed at another nearby hotel - who only charged $20 per night!Just a word of warning - you'll get little or no sympathy or accomodation if you complain about anything at this place.	
Apr 12 2009 	OK Stay	Our stay was brief - in at 9:00 p.m. and out at 9:00 a.m. The room was of adequate size. Very clean and quiet. Half of us liked the room colors - the other half really disliked them. Breakfast was about $25.00 a person - couldn't report on that! Parking with tax, yes, parking fees are taxed, was a whopping $50.00.	
Apr 12 2009 	A feel-good-place	We stayed there in 03/09 and paid 99 $ per night (Hotwire). The staff was friendly and we got immediate service when required. The room was very clean and comfortable. We definitely would come back to this lovely place.	
Apr 12 2009 	Dont Get a room overlooking the Bus Depot!	Stayed here in June 2008 as part of a multi stop honeymoon in America.This was the final stop after spending 2 weeks in Las Vegas and Hawaii in amazing hotels. This hotel was ok and very near Fishermans Wharf but that was about it.The rooms looked like they had been recently decorated and the hotel had a nice but small bar area and some outside seating with heaters. There was also a small outside pool although it was too cold for us to go in.We arrived around 6pm and she said that all the good rooms were gone! Our room overlooked a bus depot which not only was ugly, was VERY noisy from about 5am onwards.Fishermans Wharf is just round the corner and we spent a nice day there watching the street performers, shopping and having a sea food dinner. You also leave from a pier here to go to Alcatraz (very enjoyable).We got a tram to the centre of town to do more shopping ( the cable car is a great experience).We went to China Town and Little Italy in the evening.We only stayed for 3 days and I think this is enough time to see San Fransisco.I have stayed in better Sheratons around the worldTip - check the weather report before you go. We had spent the previous 2 weeks in Las Vegas and Hawaii with temperatures reaching 114 degrees. When we got to San Fran it was quite chilly and we didnt have appropriate clothes!	
Apr 11 2009 	Perfectly located for a short 3 day stay in San Francisco.	After a 14 hour plane ride it was great to find clean, comfortable beds for a well needed rest. We had a room with 2 double beds for 2 adults and 2 chidren. Although the room was cosy for 4, we were travelling economically and spent most of our time enjoying the city of SF not in our room.This is a great location, you can walk to the cable car terminal, local eateries, the Alcatraz ferry, sea lions and pier 39 and much more. There is also a local supermarket (Safeway) just across the road incase you need a few supplies or even a cheap and easy dinner.We got a 2 day ticket to hop on hop off bus which I would highly recommend. We first used this bus to travel the entire route to see and get to know what San Fran had to offer. The second time around we used it to hop on and off at popular sights such as Union Square, City Hall, Lombard Street and The Painted Sisters. We had also discovered many eateries within the city and stopped at some of these, the SFSoup Company was a favourite. We also used the bus to get off on the city side of the Golden Gate Bridge, we walked across the bridge then caught the bus back. this was a great way of seeing the bridge. We were also lucky enough to see dolphins frolicking in the bay.We had a wonderful time in San Fran and the only thing I would change is 4nights instead of 3. Mark, Angela,Georgia and SophieAustralia.	
Apr 7 2009 	The loudest hotel I've ever stayed at	We stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf for three nights in March. We got this hotel via priceline, which is a good thing because if I had paid the full price I would have been disgusted.The hotel is very clean, the pool area is great - very warm. The room we had had two double beds, which suited us fine. It had one of the smallest bathrooms I've ever seen. And I've stayed in tiny hotels in Europe. It was impossible to shut the bathroom door without doing some kind of little dance and almost climbing into the shower. Half of the firepits weren't working, and they're located in the middle of the main driveway to the hotel. A good idea, but horrible location.I could eal with all of this if it weren't for the thinest walls I've ever seen. Whenever our neighbours came home it felt like they were having a conversation in the room with us. That coupled with the elephants we had on the floor above us, and the traffic from the road outside...I've never been more thankful to have earplugs with me.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great Time at Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf	We had an excellent stay here and were very pleased with the hotel. We received a good price for the room (around $169/night over the weekend), so we feel it was a good value. Very modern decor, flat screen TV, very light and airy feel to the entire hotel, comfy bed and pillows. Very convenient to Fisherman's Wharf. I know a lot of people say it's touristy, but I'm a tourist and I loved the wharf. Great food and attractions. I echo the complaint earlier about the bathroom light in the rooms. The one light switch turns on both the light in the bathroom/shower area and the vanity area, making the whole room go bright when someone uses the facilities in the middle of the night. When you stay at this Sheraton, you are one block from the wharf, 1/2 block from a 7-11 convenience store and 1/2 block from a Safeway store. So, although the hotel did not offer complimentary breakfast, we were able to run and get breakfast and coffee quick and cheap at these locations. There is a car rental location right on site if you decide to rent a car and drive. We did not drive, but instead picked up an open top sightseeing bus just one block away and saw the town. You are also just a few blocks from Ghiradelli Square and the cable car stop.There are nice open fireplaces outside the hotel, but, unfortunately, these became like the smoker pits when I was in high school. I wish they were smoke free areas as they are so close to the entry of the hotel. My favorite part of the hotel was the fitness center. Brand new equipment with built in TV's including elliptical, treadmills, bikes and weights. Very nice and clean.My one recommendation if you stay here is that you request an interior facing room. The streets of San Fran can be noisy at night. The garbage in the area is picked up after 10 pm since the traffic is way down...but it is a noisy experience if you are facing the road, as we were. We also could hear trucks going to and from the wharf throughout the night. By the second night we were used to it, but the first night we had little sleep.Some earlier reviews have said there was no Wi-Fi, but I think there is, downstairs in the martini bar. I saw a lot of people using their laptops in there. But I do not think there is Wi-Fi in the rooms. We had to use the business center and were charged per minute for the internet access. It would be nice to have Wi-Fi access in the rooms, as even smaller chain motels now offer this standard.All in all, though, I would highly recommend this hotel and we will definitely return. The location was just very convenient for us and the area was great for casual travelers.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great base close to public transit and Fisherman's Wharf	This hotel is a block away from Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39 in case the name did not give that away. We found it very clean and the staff very friendly and efficient. The Hotel is close to Bus, Cable Car, and Street Car lines for easy access to other parts of the once you get sick of the cheesy knick knacks, stores, and crowds at the Wharf. There is a Safeway, Trader Joes, and Walgreens all within a couple blocks if you need any supplies. Parking is limited and expensive.	
Apr 2 2009 	Great Location	I recently stayed here with my husband and six year old daughter. The location is wonderful! We had a 4th (top) floor room overlooking a parking lot for the buses. Of course who looks down when looking straight out the window you saw Pier 39 and the Bay Bridge. A glance to the left gave you a picture perfect view of the skyline, including Coit Tower and the Transamerican (Pyramid) building and the right allowed a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. I never expect a view when visiting a large city, but was grateful for this view. We spent very little time in the room, seeing as so much was nearby. There is a cable car turn around a few blocks away and the F-line passes the hotel. We did not have a car, so the price of parking was not a problem. FYI, the parking is in line with similar locations near Fisherman’s Wharf. As for the décor, we enjoyed the nautical theme (and think IKEA is great, anyways.) I found the blues and yellows very compatible with the awesome view of the water. My only complaint was the lack of free computer access in the business center. I left my laptop at home and needed to pay to check my email one time.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great location; very helpful staff!	Excellent location close to many of the tourist attractions like Pier 39, Alcatraz, Ghiradelli Square, etc - easy to walk to these places from hotel. Very helpful and friendly concierges. Close to trolley lines if you want to go uptown for shopping or theatre. Location is everything in a big city - felt very safe walking around at night with my sister! Don't need a car (parking is expensive in the city), but when you are ready to venture out of the city, there is a Dollar car rental office right on the premises - very convenient!	
Mar 26 2009 	Extra costs don't make the stay worthwhile	I was able to get a room at the Sheraton at Fisherman's Wharf for about a fourth of the normal rate through special deals. However, even with this wonderful discount, the stay was marred by outrageous extra fees that caused me to seek out less convenient, cheaper means. For example, parking at the hotel is $49 a day. Instead, I parked at a warehouse near a port 20 minutes away to save $34 a day. Second, I needed a cot for a friend to sleep on, and found out it would be $15 a night. A cot has always been free for my entire life in other hotels I have stayed at. Third, there was no free continental breakfast, but I could instead purchase $6 muffins and $4 cartons of milk if I chose to. I understand eating breakfast out while in the city is probably better, but if I need a free piece of toast to get me going in the morning, should I not be able to, like most other hotels offer?Finally, while the hotel decor seems very nice, upon further inspection is rather shabby. The carpets are stained and the wallpaper was mottled in certain areas. This was a place that normally has a rate of $325 a night, and for the price this is simply unacceptable. On the positive, most staff are helpful. However, if you have any sort of serious discount on your room, be prepared for the front desk to not be as helpful when it comes to the usual free amenities associated with hotels.	
Mar 26 2009 	Nice hotel expensive and without free WiFi breakfast etc	I found motels in California to be far better value and friendliness than this. The location was ok for public transport etc but I wouldn't stay in Fisherman's Wharf again as there is actually very little to do!	
Mar 15 2009 	Great location nicely updated a few drawbacks	This hotel is located in a fabulous location near Fisherman's wharf. Walkable to pier 39, Ghiradelli Square and just a few steps from the old F-line trolley. Fire pits located right adjacent to the driveway often had &quot;out of order&quot; signs posted and the remainder were surrounded by patrons with cigarettes. The rooms were spacious but the strange rectangular &quot;pillow&quot; in the bed just created a nuisance and the lack of separate light switch for the room with the toilet (separate from the space with the sink) lit up the entire room during nighttime use. This hotel has been nicely updated with very modern decor. Front desk staff were very accommodating and wiling to help out with sightseeing plans.Overall this was a very nice hotel, a good value and a great location. I would stay here again despite the comments above.	
Mar 15 2009 	Cute Rooms and Very Clean!	I have to preface my review by stating that I am a clean freak. :) When I enter a hotel room I do a bed bug check and then make sure my bathroom is clean. The Sheraton passed my checks with flying colours! The room itself was adorable- fun and bright. It was extremely clean, very roomy and comfortable. The location was ideal and central to everything on the Wharf. Check-in and out were a breeze and the breakfast buffet was delicious. The staff were very pleasant and eager to assist me. I would definitely stay here again!!!! :)	
Mar 11 2009 	Excellent Location Wonderful Stay	We stayed at this hotel for one week. Rooms are spotless, beds are comfy and rooms are very roomy. The bathroom is a bit small but does have a separate sink area which was ideal for two people getting ready at the same time. The hotel lobby had a nice coffee/liquor bar. Very convenient for your morning espressos. Just outside the doors are sofas and chairs surrounded by a fire pit coffee tables. This was a great place to have a cup of coffee on a chilly morning or a drink at night. Location is the best., just one block off of Pier 39, right by where the lazy sea lions lay. We enjoyed this location because the wharf was quiet in the mornings and you did not feel like you were in San Fran, you are away from the hustle and bustle of Union Square. They had an ok gym with plenty of cardio machines, free weights and one stationery solo-flex type machine. Cannot comment on the hotel restaurant because we didn't try it. There were so many great spots to eat within walking distance Don't miss Scomas for crabs and clam chowder and a great water view, the Crabhouse at Pier 39 for killer cioppino and garlic crabs. North Beach and Chinatown is about a 15 minute walk -- Cafe Greco for pastries and coffee, L'Osteria for a delicious lunch, Tomasso for a nice family style Italian meal. We totally enjoyed our stay and all the employees at the Sheraton could not be more acommdating. We would definitely stay here in a second. BTW, if anyone does laundry while they travel, there is a coin laudromat 3 blocks away on Mason and there is a fantasic little coffee shop that has wonderful breakfast/pastries across the street.	
Mar 8 2009 	Clean comfortable hotel - rooms need double glazing!	We stayed here for 4 nights after skiing at Lake Tahoe. Were very happy with our choice. Rooms are large, bright, modern and clean. Staff were always very helpful. Bathroom is a bit odd - very small with only bath and toilet actually in it, the washbasin is separate, opposite the wardrobe. Our only real complaint was the traffic noise - the windows look like they are very old and do not keep any sound out - they need replacing with proper insulated/double glazed windows. Location of hotel is fine, Fishermans Wharf is a bit touristy but there are plenty of places to eat nearby and good transport all over SF available easily.	
Mar 7 2009 	Afforable clean and convenient location	We really like the location. It's a couple of blocks away from cable car. A F line trolley near by hotel.	
Mar 1 2009 	Comfortable beds great location EXPENSIVE parking	Just returned from an overnight stay at Sheraton's Fisherman's Wharf. Sad to learn they no longer offer Club Level rooms. I am a Gold Starwood Preferred member and enjoy the perks of free breakfast, etc. The hotel was apparently remodeled recently. The lobby is very ordinary and not what you would expect from a Sheraton. Valet or self-parking is available for $43.00 per night. That is the same price the general public pays to park in the same lot. Seems to me there should be a discount for hotel guests. Concierge staff were very helpful and friendly. Can't beat the location if visiting Fisherman's Wharf.	
Feb 28 2009 	What a rip off	We stayed at this hotel for a few days sight seeing after skiing at Lake Tahoe. The location is very convenient and the rooms clean but much smaller than the room we had at Harveys in Tahoe. The decor was rather strange but that does not make it a bad hotel.What does however, is Sheraton's policy to charge extortionate rates to use its underground car parking facilities. Be warned, these robbers charge $43 plus tax PER DAY for the privilege of leaving your car at the hotel you are already paying for. Whilst it was obvious that parking in this area was a money making racket the Sheraton was easily the most expensive we saw. There were no concessionary rates for guests. When we complained to staff they were dismissive and unhelpful. I would not return to this hotel.	
Feb 27 2009 	Nice surprise!	We stayed in room 4520. The room was small, but reminded me of the boutique hotels in Manhattan. Clean, cheerful, trendy decor with kingsize bed, couch, and a desk that ran across the window wall. The service was excellent. The location was fabulous--short walk to cable car turnaround, wharf, and shopping. We parked at Imperial Parking across the street to avoid the hotel's $50. per diem. Unfortunately, we could not get out at 6:00 am because the machine would not take our cash and did not take any credit cards. The attendant failed to show up when we used the call button. We had to call the towing service 800 number to get connected to the office, which no one answered. We called the towing service again and after about 45 minutes, someone showed up to take our $25.00 cash and manually open the gate. We almost missed our flight. So pay the $50. with a smile!	
Feb 15 2009 	Perfect location for San Fran sightseeing!	Stayed here as the 1st leg of our honeymoon. The hotel was recommended to us by the travel agent we booked with and she was spot on with her choice!The hotel is situated just a few hundred yards from Pier 39, which has a variety of shops and restaurants. It is also where the famous sea lions are.The hotel itself is very modern and has a nautical theme throughout. It has a nice bar in the lobby and a really nice outdoor pool (which we didn't try because it was a bit chilly!). Beware the bar - it was a little expensive compared to other bars/restaurants in the area. Breakfast was also on the expensive side, but there is an iHop restaurant nearby which offers full breakfasts and pancakes for next to nothing - set us up well for a day of sightseeing!The rooms are very trendy and have flat screen tv's (with HD) and huge beds! The bathrooms were a little bit on the small side, but this didn't bother us at all. There was very little noise from outside or other rooms in the hotel.Overall we were very pleased with the hotel and would definitely recommend it!	
Feb 2 2009 	Good hotel Great staff	My wife and 4year old son stayed at this hotel twice using it as a stop gap between the UK and Hawaii and it was really well appointed. The hotel rooms are adequate with average facilities. The room sizes are okay and the decor is okay. I have seen a review where someone states its like Ikea threw up in the room. This is a fair observation but that is no bad thing entirely.The location is ideal, very close to the attractions that the wharf has to offer. The staff are excellent and will bend over backwards to help you with requests. We did have a bit of a room mix up initially and ended up in a room that was not as good as the first room we put our cases in, much to the bellboys embarrassment. This was rectified by a letter of an honest explanation and apology from the manager followed by a plate of chocolate covered strawberry's and a bottle of champagne. I would go back any time to stay there...	
Feb 1 2009 	Cute decor. Great location.	This hotel's location can't be beat. Within a short walk of Pier 33 (where you catch the boat to Alcatraz), Pier 39 and also Fisherman's Wharf, it is perfect. The hotel is newly remodeled with brand new flat screens and modern-yet- retro decor. The beds were comfortable, furnishings were unique and the lighting in the bathroom was perfect for doing makeup. The concierge and front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. They also have a business center to print out free airline boarding passes. Downsides: no free internet, ridiculous parking prices (my rec is to park across the street in the public lot, max of $30 a day) and also the walls are thin. The people in the next room over came back from an apparently crazy night partying and we could hear every word. I am NOT a light sleeper and it even woke me up. That was a little frustrating. But all in all, I would defintely stay here again.	
Jan 30 2009 	Good for tourists	This hotel is smack in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf - fantastic area for tourists, though there did not seem to be many aound while I was there.Found a reasonable rate on priceline for $75/night.I think someone said that the decor of the hotel looked like a budget makeover. They're right. It all looks like it comes out of Ikea's children's department. Bright primary colors, pictures on the wall looked like they framed wrapping paper that matched the color schemeThere are two buildings with a driveway inbetween. Also a car rental place in the building. My room was on the ground floor facing the driveway, so I heard car doors slamming and valets whistling for taxis every morning. Parking is very expensive, but unlike all the reviews I read, I had NO difficulty finding free overnight parking on the street right in front of the hotel. Tons of empty spots - maybe due to the time of year and the economy.Not near BART, but very close to a cable car stop, and maybe a 45 minute walk to a BART station.Also, there is a grocery store on the next block and a Trader Joe's (yay) 2 blocks away, so you can certainly save $ by buying your water, snacks etc. there.I would recommend this hotel to a family on vacation.	
Jan 29 2009 	Nice but Parking costs a fortune	This motel has very nice, newly renovated rooms with plasma TV. But parking is $43, plus a tax of $6.00 on the parking itself, in addition to normal room tax. Internet costs $15 per day plus a tax on the internet of another $1. TheRaddison, across the street has cheaper parking and free internet. Also be sure to ask for a room near the elevator. The motel is very large and you can end up in a room which is a very long walk to the elevator.the motel. Hallways are unheated and chilly. Bathtubs are very uncomfortable (no slope to lean back on). Location is outstanding, just a block from Fisherman's Wharf. Staff is friendly and helpful.	
Jan 28 2009 	Enjoyed the Sheraton	Stayed for 4 nights for an anniversary trip. If you have never been to San Francisco (which was us), staying at Fisherman's Wharf is great and you do not need a car. We walked to the wharf areas, took the trolley downtown and around sightseeing. The Sheraton staff was fabulous. We rented a car one day to drive down the coast on Rt. 1, had trouble finding a car, and they kept searching until one was found for us. One night we had a driver pick us up in a luxury car and take us to dinner, called and he picked up up and told us a good place to go the Buenivista Cafe for the best Irish type coffee we have ever had in our lives, and was walking distance when done back to Sheraton.The Sheraton was just newly redecorated, so very clean. My only drawback is that it seemed to cater to business trips and had a lot of meeting rooms and eating areas allocated just for them.they have only one eating/bar area off the lobby, but how many times on that type of vacation do you really want to eat your hotel?The best part is the firepits that are lit 24/7 right outside hotel. Having drink in the overstuffed wicker furniture around the pits on a foggy/damp day or cool evening is relaxing and romantic.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great stay!	The Sheraton is in the perfect location just a couple of minutes walk from Pier 39. It is a high quality, modern hotel, often used for conferences, but equally welcoming to tourists.We had beautiful, big rooms with amazingly comfy beds, well equipped bathrooms, flat screen HDTVs and lovely views. All the staff we met were pleasant and polite, and the concierge was particularly helpful. The pool looked very inviting. The fire pits are simply gorgeous and we enjoyed a drink before dinner there. We did not try the hotel breakfast as there are plenty of other options close by. I would recommend breakfast at the Eagle Cafe at Pier 39 - the building doesn't look very inspiring, but the food is wonderful! All in all, a great stay at a reasonable price.	
Jan 26 2009 	Location Location Location	Had a decent experience. Room wasn't that great and hotel had a Ikea threw up in here vibe.Enjoyed a bottle of champagne next to the fire pit. Was able to walk to all the touristy places one would ever want and super close to all types of transportation.We were also close enough to walk to Blazing Saddles where we rented bikes and rode across the Golden Gate. Room service was a bit much. $60 for a glass of wine and a 10 inch pizza? Luckily we found out that some local places will deliver right to your room for a fraction if the price very late nice which is awesome since I believe that room service stops at 11:30. Don't bother with the breakfast sit-down/buffet thing they have going either. Total rip off.Overall a decent place but since we were there for a romantic getaway we decided to check out a night early and head down to the Palace.Recommendable based on location.	
Jan 19 2009	Great place to stay with minor shortcomings	Other reviews give an accurate flavor of this hotel but there are some things to add. As other people have stated, the location is outstanding and the rooms are clean and attractive, but there are some accessory expenses which are excessive but avoidable. Service was good to excellent.The location is outstanding as long as you can do a minimal amount of walking. Fisherman's Wharf is only a block or two away. The edge of North Beach (the Italian Area) can be reached in a ten minute walk. A twenty minute walk will take you to Chinatown and Broadway. Pier 39 is less than two blocks away. Getting to the financial district or Union Square by walking is doable, but would be strenuous. In short, 75% of what visitors come to San Francisco for is within walking distance of the hotel.And if you don't want to walk, the F streetcar line, which goes along the Embarcadero to Market Street and out Market past the Civic Center to the Castro District, goes by the front of the hotel. The Taylor cable car line, which can be used to go to Chinatown, Union Square or the financial district, starts two blocks away.The outdoor sitting area, with gas fireplaces, is very pleasant and attractive.The cost of parking ($43 plus tax) is unreasonable. However, we used a two story parking structure across the street to the south. It was about thirty yards from the hotel, cost $25 for 24 hours, or $20 for up to twelve hours. I do not think you have in and out privileges, but most people are not going to need to go out multiple times in the day.I also did not like paying for the use of a hotel computer to get on the internet, especially at $ .59 per minute.But all things considered, we were very happy with the Sheraton.	
Jan 10 2009 	Christmas	Really like this hotel. First time I've been with my family and we had a great stay. The decor is a bit touristy with the nautical theme but fine and bright.The location is great for Fishermans Wharf and the boat trips. Cycle the Golden Gate is a fun half day for all ages. Its not too far a walk to Lombard Street and you can catch a trolley from here to Union Square. The trams are a cheap and easy way to get around with a station on the corner of the hotel.The staff hare always friendly and helpful as you'd expect. Didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment.When I return we might try further down the Embarcadero just for a change, it seemed quite lively with the market.For a first time visit I don't think you could get much better.	
Jan 4 2009	good stay at the Sheraton	Just returned from a few days at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel has been renovated and the rooms are bright and clean. Convenient location, though quite touristy. The hotel is also huge- though only 4 stories, there seem to be hundreds of rooms on each floor and it took several minutes to walk from the elevator to our room. No big deal, but if travelling with someone that can't walk far, I would ask for a room close to the elevators. The only reasons I don't give it 4 stars are the cost of the parking ($50/day) and the walls are a bit thin- we could hear the people in the room above us walking around.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great location!!	We stayed in the Sheraton for 4 nights together with our 2 kids ( 13 and 11 years old).The people in the hotel were very friendly and helpfull and were a great help for us to give us directions to the touristic things to do.We did a tour with Toad tours which they booked for us, we really enjoyed that.The room was very nice and the beds were great. The kids also liked the pool and the fireplaces at the terraces and the pool...very cosy at night.The best thing was the location. It was a five minute walk to fishermans wharf and Pier 39..al the great locations were within walking distance. Next year we definitally will go back to this hotel.	
Dec 27 2008 	Business at the Beach	This was about my 30th visit to San Francisco and initially for a business trip. Later in the trip, my family came and we had two rooms. So I will review three rooms and two different aspects.As a business hotel, this is a little out from downtown and I do not usually stay in this area. SF is not a place to have a car, and a $24 Muni week pass is a far better deal than the parking charges here. You are also advised to take BART into town for ca. $5, but I guess there is a shuttle from SFO for under $20. To get downtown, one can take the cable car, which is neat, but seemed unreliable the rather cold week I was there. The tram, surprisingly, was not on schedule much either. A few blocks away is the #30 Stockton bus, fast and reliable. They looked to have nice buns in the lobby in the morning but I usually just made a coffee in my room, then dashed. Another 'business' aspect is that free wireless is available only in the lobby. My room in this portion was in the 'annex' and faced the street but was quiet.My next room was a king-bedded unit facing the pool, also quite good and quiet. It adjoined a double unit at the end which my kids used. Although close to the street, little traffic noise was heard.The pool was cool in temprature although we did see one family use it and seem to enjoy it. The location was great for the touristic side of the trip. Even a better deal than a Muni Pass is a $59 City pass, if you plan to visit more than one attraction and use the cable cars.	
Dec 19 2008 	A lovely hotel in an ideal location!	This hotel is gorgeous! A recent refurb according to the website which prompted us to book it. Comfortable beds, plasma tv, tastefully decorated, we were so glad we booked it. It is also in an ideal location. Minutes away from pier 39. A 10 minute walk from Chinatown &amp; Little Italy ( I recommend you go to both for a meal!) &amp; again just a 10 minute stroll to pier 35 where you go for the boat to Alcatraz. This was our last stop on a fly drive trip starting in LA but we found that we didnt need the car once we got here as you can also get the trolley car close by down to Union Square (great shopping!) &amp; Nob Hill. If you do have a car they DO NOT use the hotel car park, they charge $50 a night parking! Ridiculous! Hence another reason we got rid of the car early. If you are keeping your car then there is a secure car park which is half the price. (Leave the lobby, turn left &amp; its across the road). Another down side was the charges for the telephone in the room. I had to use it &amp; even though the call was international, it lasted 1 minute &amp; was charged $24! A second call was charged &amp; $40 for 3 minutes. When i rang reception to query the charges I was told &quot;thats the price&quot;. Upon checking out I mentioned this again &amp; the charges were reduced to $20 total &amp; he didnt even query it! I would stay here again without a doubt!	
Dec 16 2008 	Excellent Hotel and excellent location!!!	I stayed at the Sheraton Wharf in November with my wife, mum, dad, brother and his partner. To sum the hotel up in one word I'd use................BRILLIANT!!!!!!!The location of the hotel was great. It was very close to Pier 69 and also the beginning of the Tram line. Getting about was so easy.The hotel has a nice bar with a great outside seating area with open fire tables.Now on to the most important part, the rooms. The rooms were absolutley brilliant. They were very clean and very modern. We had 2 double beds and and a nice TFT TV. The decor was very bright and fresh and the bathroom had everything you need and again was of a high standard. It looked like the hotel had not long since been updated and the rooms were perfect.I seriously can't speak highly enough of this hotel. If you're looking for some where to stat in San Francisco then make it this hotel, A+++++++	
Dec 13 2008 	We loved the hotel! fabulous	We own timeshare with Starwood so were booked on the starwood preferred guest card.We were delighted with proximity to everything in san francisco. It took us 2 minutes to get to the harbour with views of alcatraz, the golden gate bridge and of course the piers.We had a meal on the first night of our stay and were definatley not disappointed. Our room was immaculate, bed was like sleeping on a cloud and the toiletries were great. There was starbucks coffee in the room, plasma television, great wardrobe space, good view, the fire pits outside were great to sit at and as smokers, we were delighted to have a cig or two there with other guests whilst having a drink from the bar.The only fly in the ointment was the deposit held on our credit card. It appeared to be £100 for each night of our stay. This meant that £400 was held on my credit card and had still not been released a week after arriving back in the UK. I have emailed starwood about this and am expecting a reply shortly.Otherwise, this hotel has everything you need. Its brilliant	
Dec 12 2008 	Great location ok hotel	My husband and I stayed one night at this hotel in December 2008. The hotel is clean and is about as close to Fisherman's Wharf as you can get. It's a convenient location for being a tourist and walk to the wharf, Little Italy or Chinatown. They have refurbished the hotel since the last time we stayed there about 3 years ago. The old decor was some kind of dark hued 1970's fisherman's theme. Now it is in white with splashes of teal and pastel hues - I guess they moved up to the 1980's. It's an improvement as it makes things look a little brighter and cheerful, but it also reminded me of one of those home improvement shows where they only had a $100 budget to redecorate the room. Beds are comfy, flat screen HD TV is nice. Bathrooms are tiny.For Starwood members, there is no longer a club lounge and no complimentary breakfast like there used to be. We were informed though that there was a buffet breakfast for ~$21 each morning. We were going to give it a try but while waiting to be seated, I peeked at the buffet to see that it was little more than a chafing dish of runny-looking scrambled eggs, some fruit and pastries. And yes, parking is ridiculously priced at ~$50/night at the hotel.	
Nov 29 2008	Cool funky hotel in great location	I really liked this hotel. The room was modern and funky and the bed was amazingly comfortable. There was a great HD TV in the room. The only niggle was that the bathroom was very small, but then you don't go to this wonderful city to spend a lot of time in the bathroom. There are some really nice sitting areas outside the hotel with nice relaxing flames - a perfect place for a drink after a day of seeing the sights.	
Nov 23 2008 	Good locatio	The location is good, close to pier 39 and to the cable cars stop. The room was ok with comfortable beds. The car parking is very expensive 49$ per night . We felt that it was a rip off and they should have reduced the rate for hotels guests. There is a public car park near by that charges 25$ per night. Not sure that we would stay there again.	
Nov 23 2008 	Very Nice with Great Location and Staff!!! $45/night Parking-Ouch!!	This is an outstanding hotel with a great location one block from the Wharf. The rooms are large and well appointed with a plasma TV. The staff was extreme;y friendly and very helpful. The concierge was outstanding and set up a very nice Napa Valley wine tour. Also, her recommendations for local seafood restaurants were right on. Located within one block is a Safeway and Trader Joe's for snacks and beverages. Appetizers and drinks here are very expensive. We bought our own and enjoyed them by the fire pits out side by the lobby doors. The fire pits are really fun for cocktails and snacks-like an outdoor room:) No one hassled us about bringing our own food and beverages,but the opposite and seemed glad we were having a good time. The breakfast buffet was $21/person and the breakfast deli ran $10/person. Across the street is an IHOP-better deal.I would have given this 5 for excellent except for the parking fees. We did not have a rental car except for one night and found out that parking here will cost $45/night. My son found a place for half that across the street, but come on $45-for guests/night--DO NOT BRING A CAR HERE UNLESS MONEY IS NOT A CONCERN.	
Nov 22 2008 	Ok hotel in pricey San Francisco	Stayed here recently with my other half. Found alot of the hotels in San Fran to be pricey. The hotel and room is very modern. It was comfortable, but there is a dodgy green/blue colour in the room which makes it feel cold. Parking is not complimentary, and is approx $50 a day in hotel car park. I would recommend to go accross the street to a public park, which is about $25 for 24 hours parking. Wifi was not free either in the rooms. The staff were not particularly over friendly either. They just did their job, and really didn't put anything extra into their work.	
Nov 16 2008 	Ridiculous Hotel	I am a frequent hotel guest for Sheraton/Westin/W and this by far was the worst stay in my life. The location was not bad, really accessible to Pier 39, The Embarcadero and North Beach. The HDTV was nice and the room was nice. But that wasn't enough to make our stay any pleasant at all. The minute we got there and was informed that the daily parking was $43 plus tax. Turned out to be $49 a night just for parking. That was pathetic. I've never parked anywhere in san francisco where parking was over $30. This ruined everything. I don't know, it didn't seem like the parking fee caused any complaints. I just wanted word out to whoever is going to make a future booking here, to be aware of the close to $50 daily parking fee. This was BS.	
Nov 16 2008 	3rd leg of my Honeymoon - Hotel Review	The room was very modern and colourful. The bed was huge and very comfy. There was Starbucks coffee in the room for you to brew yourself. The bathroom was a little small but very clean, nice towels and the free shampoo's etc were very good quality.The staff were very friendly and helpful. The bar was a little pricey but once we had our drinks there were lovely firepits outside to sit round.	
Nov 15 2008	Very disappointed	As for the hotel room, I would give it a 2 for value but their customer service is lousy so it gets a one from me. It took 4 phone calls to get them to hold the room for a late arrival and still it wasn't on their record when I checked in. I also had problems checking out and getting any helpful information from staff during my stay.The hotel itself has an antiseptic feel. Nothing really to separate it from any other hotel except that it's more expensive. There are plenty of better and less expensive places to stay in the Wharf area. I was very disappointed.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great for the Family	Tried the Marriott, Holiday Inn and the Best Western but only the Sheraton San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf could do it right! The receptionist (Andy?) was wonderful and got us a great price and an even better room. It is in the middle of the action on the Wharf. Great for a family, safe and convienant. Parking was extra. We decided not to do the Breakfast so we went to star-bucks instead. The remodeled rooms and exterior is very nice. The area is loud, but hey its S.F. The staff was very nice and helpful. We would stay there again	
Nov 10 2008 	Very disappointed in "upgrade"	My husband and I spent one night at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf in October 2008. We had also stayed at the property 6 years ago. Apparently the hotel was &quot;upgraded&quot; since we last visited, but in our opinion the upgrade was a drastic &quot;downgrade.&quot; The hotel has lost its classy feel of a Starwood property. I think the look they were going for was somewhat of a modern &quot;beach&quot; feel, but it ended up seeming cheap and poorly done. The room was comfortable and the bed was excellent but all in all it definitely was not worth the price. The brunch was terrible-poor selection and the quality of food was worse. The coffee was bitter-I like a strong coffee, but this was beyond strong! The hotel does have a great location-1 block off of Fisherman's Wharf piers, and it's great to leave your car there while you walk around the area. I guess I just expected the excellence that Starwood properties are known for....and its gone!We won't stay there again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Close to Fisherman's Wharf	I have been wanting to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area so decided to spend a night at the Sheraton at Fisherman's Wharf. Usually, I have found cheaper options in Union Square. The rate of $199 a night seemed cheaper than previous periods when I checked the rate. On arriving, one of the bellmen was very kind, welcoming me to the hotel, and when I checked out, the same bellman was there to wish me well. The room seemed new, with nice matches of bright colors. You could hear when the guest in the room above me was there, and I had thought about asking to be moved to a room on the 4th and top floor. But I figured I am only here for one night, and also, my room had a nice balcony overlooking the courtyard, not all rooms had one. A peeve of mine in any hotel is I expect the sheets and blankets on the bed to be tucked in, and at this hotel, it was done nicely with an extra piece of cloth across the bed to reinforce it.Room service breakfast was great. I ordered it the night before and it arrived on time. Everything was delicious.I checked out early the next day and spent most of it in Fisherman's Wharf and Ghiradelli Square. I had initially planned to go to Union Square but there was plenty to see and do in Fisherman's Wharf that I completely bypassed San Francisco's downtown this visit. Also, one thing I will do if I am staying in Fisherman's Wharf next time is to rent a bike and go across the Golden Gate Bridge. There seem to be no end of shops renting bikes.	
Oct 28 2008 	Stay well away from this one...	Although this hotel has been refurbished, it's still at its heart a very sad business hotel. For the price, find somewhere else! The one positive thing I will say is that the beds and linen were comfortable, clean and new. To begin with, the service was slow and unfriendly. The rooms (we tried a few) had no double glazing (the windows missed out on the refurbishment) and since most rooms either look onto a court yard open to the road, a court yard with hotel ventilation equipment or directly onto the very busy roads, anything nearing a quiet room was hard to find. Air conditioners were ancient, unsightly and took up a good portion of the room - diminishing what would otherwise have been reasonably decent modern decor (if bright contrasting colours is your thing.)Pool area was small, uninteresting, right next to the road and pretty much only useful for getting wet rather than relaxing.Valet parking was very expensive - even for SFO. There was a large parking garage right over the road, so self-parking may be much cheaper.The area too was uninteresting, tired and aimed squarely at tourists. It sported pretty much middle-of-the road, overly-priced restaurants and shops selling nothing you'd ever consider buying at home. Rather get a hotel in a another part of the city and visit Fisherman's Wharf (if you must) by bus/cable car/foot.	
Oct 24 2008 	new and improved	It's been 1.5 year since our last visit, hotel is completely remodeled, and rethemed. Its casual, colorful, and comfortable. Has a &quot;beach theme&quot; that would be very popular with families and tourists. Lots of red yellow white and blue.  It was an overall pleasurable place to stay.  The bathroom was a bit small, but clean and updated. The bed was big and comfortable. The location is the best.	
Oct 21 2008 	Good hotel. Great Location!	We stayed in the hotel for three nights in the beginning of October. When we got the room we were very surprised to see that it was identical to the room that is shown it the web site, which is very nice (usually the rooms are similar but not as nice).The room itself was quite big, but the shower and bathroom were very small.The location of the hotel is fantastic! You walk easily to any place you need.The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. They helped us find great restaurants (not the ones in the pear) and we enjoyed every second of the hotel.The only thing that was disappoint, and I see it a lot in the different reviews, is the parking price. $50 a day!!!!!!!!!! It is a rip-off. Even in Manhattan you will pay much less!!! Doesn’t make sense that they charge so much.I will recommend this hotel to anyone that comes to San Francisco. Will be back there next time for sure!	
Oct 19 2008 	Lovely hotel in fantastic location	I booked this hotel based on the reviews it has received and was very pleased. We took the Amtrak train up the west coast and arrived in San Francisco by the associated Amtrak bus. We told the driver we were staying at the Sheraton and he dropped us right at it, just beyond the official bus stop. Due to a slight change of plan we had to add an extra night to the start of our stay. I called a couple of days before to arrange this and it took an eternity for someone to answer the phone. When they finally picked up the staff member was very helpful. We had to check out then back in again after our first night as this was paid for separately however this was a quick and painless exercise at reception which just involved swiping the room key cards.The hotel itself was finished to a very high standard and the rooms were beautifully decorated. The location is excellent only a few minutes walk in one direction from the main tourist areas at the Piers - Boudin bakery, Pier 39, Sightseeing bus stops, shops, restaurants etc. Alternatively you can walk towards more central downtown areas in the opposite direction for restaurants and bars in the evening - Little Italy has some great restaurants only 10mins walk away. The hotel itself is quite expensive for food and drinks however it's central location offers no end of choices and it is even opposite a Safeway supermarket where you can pick up any essentials. One slight downside to the hotel would be the traffic noise. However as the building is in such a central location surrounded by roads this is to be expected and in the main we didn't find it too noisy, at night the streets were fairly quiet with only the occassional rubbish collection and street sweeping in the early hours being of any note.One big advantage for us was that Dollar have a car rental office in the hotel which means you can pick up or drop off a car very easily.Overall a very nice hotel in a great location for seeing the sites.	
Oct 18 2008 	It looks better online	We recently stayed here for 3 nights and it was disappointing to say the least. I am a Starwood Preferred Member and this was probably the worse experience I have ever had at any of their properties. Their ‘service’ is sub par, the rooms and atmosphere is blasé and nothing truly nice or extraordinary. I actually found the room to be much smaller than I expected and it was a huge disappointment. I was debating staying here or at the Argonaut at the Cannery which both had similar pricing for the dates we were staying and I was kicking myself that I had chose the Sheraton. The location was good but that’s really the only thing going for it, as some of the other reviewers have mentioned this is an older hotel, but according to the Sheraton website they just spent $33 million renovating this hotel. Um, I don’t know where the $33 million went, and if this is after the renovation I would hate to have seen what this place looked liked prior to the renovations. To top everything off they also charge $43 a day to park your vehicle (valet or self park same price) and they add $7 tax on top of that $43 so you are really paying $50 a day to park – which is ridiculous especially when you are a guest of the hotel and you are already spending $400 a night to stay there (we stayed during Fleet Weekend). If I could do this over – I would not stay here. Good customer service does not exist here and for the money you could stay somewhere nicer and closer to more touristy attractions like the Cannery or Ghirardelli Square – which are all in walking distance to Fisherman’s Wharf and Pier 39.	
Oct 18 2008 	very nice but expensive	This is a very nice hotel but no wow factor. everything was good including food, service, rooms etc. but nothing really stood out. Location is very near fisherman's wharf but fishermans wharf wasn't really that nice - it was very crowded and a bit trippy. The rest of san francisco is absolutely fantastic - we loved it!! If you want something a bit different to do Muir wood is about 20 minutes north by car and is very peaceful early in the morning and full of really big trees. To sum it up loved the city, liked the hotel next time we'll definitely try something in the centre.	
Oct 9 2008 	Top Notch Accomodations	We arrived at the Sheraton Fisherman's Warf and were greeted with warm smiles and great customer service. Nathan checked us in and treated us like royalty. He gave great suggestions about the local area and reminded us that we could call him for any questions or concerns.When the Bellmen (Eric, I believe) arrived to give us assistance he quickly noticed I was using a cane for an injury I sustained and was very considerate in taking care of all our luggage and making sure our room was equiped with an in-room refrigerator (with freezer) for my ice packs and medication. He even offered the use of the hotel wheelchair to make sure I was able to enjoy all the sights of San Francisco. I took him up on the offer and was very suprised to see that the special request was complimentary (as well as the fridge).The housekeeping staff was quick and efficient. Other than seeing their carts around the hotel, you would have thought elves were cleaning the room. They remembered that I had requested more cream one day and continued to supply additional cream for my coffee every day. How nice of them!The hotel is located just a short block from the Embarcadero. A perfect choice - I would definitely stay here again and again!	
Oct 9 2008 	Would not have found this if not for Trip Advisor.	This was our final stop on a 4 night road trip. We requested 2 double beds per room with connecting rooms and that is exactly what we got. The Sheraton is an older building but very well kept and very clean. The only negative would be that you can hear people in the hallways and other rooms, but it really wasn't too noisy.All of the staff that we came across were friendly and helpful, giving us very good instructions to the places we wanted to see as well as correcting the location for the rental car that we need to drop off. A ride to the airport was easily and efficiently arranged.This was a very pleasant stay and we would happily stay here again.	
Oct 9 2008 	It would be excellent if they enforced no-smoking	Rooms are great - clean, funky and fun. Easy check-in and out. Outside they have gas fireplaces with sitting areas. This is a terrific place to hang out BUT FOR THE SMOKING. The hotel staff looks the other way even though smoking is against CA law 20 feet from the building. This ruined an otherwise great experience.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great Location	Great location. Nice modern &amp; spacious rooms. close to Tram terminal &amp; Pier 33.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great as a base.	We stayed here for 3 nights on our way to Hawaii from the UK. It was an excellent base for the Bay Area and within walking distance to most of the sights and Pier 39 ofcourse. We ate at the IHOP across the street which served a good breakfast at reasonable prices, the hotel its self was clean and modern, the staff were helpful and friendly even the ones we didnt tip! We would recommend it as a base to stay in the bay area. Cant comment on the food as we didnt eat there,much more choice and cheaper out in the town.	
Sep 25 2008 	very convenient location	$200 per night including service charge is moderate.The most satisfying point is the concierge. The hispanic woman with thick eye brow is extremely kind in her explanation and so much patient with any kind of questions and requests.The room is beautiful except for only one shortcoming which is the lack of refrigerator. Just one block out , you can see the Pier 39 and take various transportation to every sites.7-eleven is just in front of the hotel where you can get breakfast like rice roll, sandwiches etc.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great management staff but the night wine bar staff has an attitude	We stayed for a total of 4 nights, 2 prior to our cruise and 2 after. The check-in took all of 30 seconds and was a pleasure to deal with. The bell/concierge staff was absolutely the best. The rooms were very well kept and nicely appointed. The only real problem is street noise from the street cars and motorcycles. The hotel is fairly in the center of all attractions of the wharf and is easy walking walking distance from everything. The lady that is in 'Espressi' in the evenings has an attitude that is not in keeping with the rest of the staff. I had a billing question on check out. The manager handled it immediately and without question. Needless to say, when we go back to 'Frisco' we will stay at the Sheraton.	
Sep 20 2008 	Great Location	Clean and well located hotel only a block from the wharf where all the action is. We did not need to rent a car but were able to walk to everything and the city has excellent transportation. The Grayline tours leave from wharf area just a short walk from the Sheraton. The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 17 2008 	NICE STAY IN SAN FRAN	Stayed for four nights 5th - 8th sept 08 at the Sheraton, fishermans wharf, a nice stay, nice room, second floor overlooking the pool, comfy bed, bathroom little small but ok, a little noise from the floor above once during stay but no major problem.Desk staff helpful regarding local places to eat in the evening that were not tourist traps, was attending 49ers game on sunday of stay and desk staff were of excellent assistance in directing me to where and which bus I needed to take.Didnt eat at the hotel, I-Hop across street for a good breakfast, few Italians near hotel and North Beach not a long walk for evening meal and ice-cream after.Evening time tour of Alcatraz a must, smaller numbers and tours from rangers that dont happen during day time.Get a three day cable car pass if staying around wharf and city for stay, take F line to cable car turn around in city and miss lines of people at the wharf, better pictures from powell and hyde line. Booked Bayshuttle online back to airport $26 for 2 people.	
Sep 15 2008 	Peace on the 4th floor	Excellent location (San Francisco is a small city - you don't have to go to Fishermans Wharf). As we were staying 4 nights they put us on the 4th floor - we were told it would be quieter - we can't compare to the other floors but it was certainly quiet.The photos on the hotel website are accurate - recently refurbished, bright and cheerful.Only used the room as a base but very comfortable and a great TV.Little contact with staff but from what we had they were effecient and friendly.I'd use the hotel again - can't say more.	
Aug 27 2008 	Its great position overcomes a few problems	We arrived after the long trip from Australia feeling pretty tired. The first room offered was on the 4th floor (which would have been OK) overlooking the bus carpark which was not OK. A request to shift was not well received but a room on 2nd floor overlooking a coutyard was available. The room was comfortable, but the bathroom was very small. The airconditioner very large and noisy when running. Apart from the initial problem the staff were very helpful and pleasant. It was very busy and as a result the queue at breakfast was a bit slow as it is in a fairly small room.The main thing going for it is its position near Fishermans Wharf &amp; not far from Cable Car terminals.	
Aug 26 2008 	Loved the Location and the room!	Stayed there for 6 nights in August. We were initially given a corner hotel room on the 4th floor facing the bus depot. For 3 nights we could not sleep well because of the noise of the buses pulling in and out of the depot in throughout the night despite the very comfy bed. Finally, we asked for another room on the inside which the front desk gladly accommodated. He upgraded us to a preferred spg member room which came with complimentary water, a bathrobe and additional toiletries. The room was of a good size, with modernized decor and furnishings, as per all the inside of the hotel. The outside of the hotel looked so much older than the inside. It was too cold to use the outdoor pool. We were able to use the fitness room which was equipped with several ellipticals and threadmills etc. The elliptical was great, and we enjoyed watching olympics on the machine while working out. I recall internet was $14.95 per day but if you sat in the lobby with your laptop there was a free wireless hotspot. There was a business centre with computers and printer by the lobby, but there was a charge to use it. Also, at times, I was able to tap on free wireless hotspot from a nearby hotel if I stayed closed to the window but the signal was shaky.All the hotel staff we met during our stay were very friendly. We returned our rental car when we got to the hotel, so did not have to pay the daily parking fee at the hotel.Thumbs up overall !	
Aug 25 2008 	Wonderful	Well... we choose to stay there at first because I had a lot of Starwood points to spend and we thought it was anyhow worthy to stay at a Sheraton without paying lot of money.At the end of the day I think that it was good to stay there even we were paying the due amount.we were at one of the top roof rooms (I, my husband and my seventeen daughter), a very clean room, bright, with a great window toards the inner court of the hotel. No noise at all.The lodging was really excellent and I would suggest to anybody to stay there.Just a complain about the price of the breakfast and the car parking.But as a matter of fact the location was great, it was easy to go to any place in San Francisco, by walk, car or by public transportation.We spent the most exciting 4 days of our US vacation.	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice Hotel but Rip Off Parking Charges	If you are going to the Fishermans Wharf in San Francisco this hotel is ideally located to all of the activities. The welcome from reception was great, fast and efficient. The rooms were spacious clean and well equipped.However there are two issues I have with this hotel. Firstly is the $43 plus tax per night parking fee, which in my opinion is a complete rip off. By all means charge this for non residents but not paying customers!Secondly is the lack of a bar in the evening. OK there is a bar which is located in reception but not really an area you want to spend time in. Then just when you are returning to the hotel from a night out the so called “bar” closes at 11.00 pm? CRAZY!It is a nice hotel, but I thought we were ripped off with the car parking charge and then to shut the bar that early is just madness. The vast majority of people we spoke to were tourists who had travelled using there car (the car park was pretty much full) so not to include the cost of a parking space in your room cost is just extortion. P.S Visit Alcatraz. You will be a fool to miss it!	
Aug 16 2008 	Nice Hotel at A Fantastic Location	For a hotel in a marvelous location, I the room with two double beds we rented was a good buy in the mid $200 range. I was a little irritated with being charged $43/night for parking but hey, this is San Francisco and everything is expensive.Our room was nice and clean. Nothing fancy, just a nice room. A few hotels were a little closer to the wharf but I my family just relished being a few blocks away from Pier 39.For a tour of the City, check out Mr. Toad's Model-T guide service.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Location	We read mixed reviews- but we loved the hotel. Great staff, clean, modern, and nice rooms. Firepits outside that were great to relax in front of and enjoy a glass of wine. Nice gym (no charge to use). San Fransico is cold- even in August!!!!! They also don't tell you about the $46 a night for parking when you reserve a room.	
Aug 11 2008 	Good Hotel	My family and I stayed at this hotel from august 4th till the 8th. Since it was on fisherman's wharf it was a bit cold. if you are going get sweaters. some of the hotel rooms had balconies. ours did. the breakfast is a bit expensive, but there are some restaurants near by. There is IHOP , which did have good food. overall, it was a good stay.	
Aug 7 2008 	Small and Skinny	2 Adults and 2 children-12 &amp; 9 for 2 nights in San Fran for a Giants game mostly. Our room - VERY small. 2 Double beds in a very small room. Not enough towels, even though they knew there would be 4 of us. I went to the front desk to see if we could get a larger room. Even though we were only staying for 2 nights it was going to get even smaller so I asked for a suite or a larger room - money was not an issue - just space. We moved to a larger room - Not a larger room at all just one that had a balcony-about 2 feet wide - WOW, you couldn't put a chair if you wanted to and the street below and a view of the Ramada windows next door. The suites were being cleaned - I said we would wait - they put us in the room anyways and said they would call - they never did. Parking I was told would be $43 for the 2 day stay - No it was $43 a day and they forgot to tell you there is a $6 a day parking tax so it really cost $49 a day. Trust me, I know how expensive parking in SF is but had I only been told it would have made it easier to take. Newly remodeled - maybe they should have left the maze out - very hard to get around/find your room/elevators/etc. The decor needed help that's all I can say about that. The room doors didn't even fit the frames - could see at night 1/4&quot; of light all the way around the door frame. The really cool outdoor fire pits were really neat except most were either broken or out of gas - it was really cold when we went never got above 65 with rain and with all the smokers using them as an ashtray it was really gross. The one really good point was the staff was great and the location to Pier 39/Tours/Museums/Restaurants/Muni. This made it all better - almost. The time we had with family - priceless, the cost of the room a night - more than $275.00 - not priceless.	
Aug 6 2008 	Good Hotel	We stayed here from 4th July for 3 nights.The first night we arrived there were fire works on the bay for the 4th of July celebrations which were good .The hotel is within walking distance of all the pier 39 attractions and only a cable car ride from union square.You can get the boat to Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz from very near the Hotel.We did not use the hotel restaurant as there were so many on pier 39 but it looked okay.The pool is small but it was never crowded.Would stay here again.	
Aug 5 2008 	Beautiful Sheraton	This Sheraton Hotel is a convenient choice if you'd like to be close to Pier 39. It is beautifully furnished...renovated just last year...and beautiful through out. Quiet, elegant hallways, very comfortable rooms. We've stayed here a few times, usually prefer other hotels in SF...due to area, not necessarily the accommodations at this Sheraton...which are fine. We prefer to stay away from Fisherman's Wharf, and on the occasion that we must stay at FW, prefer the area by the Hyde Street Pier, as opposed to Pier 39. However, this is a beautiful and spacious Sheraton, very comfortable with exceptionally professional staff. I highly recommend this Sheraton...if your preference is proximity to Pier 39.	
Aug 5 2008 	Lovely hotel - shame about the room	We stayed here for three nights. The location is ideal for Fisherman's Wharf. Dollar car rental have a location at the hotel so it was convenient to collect our rental car when we were leaving (although other companies are in the area) The public areas of the hotel are top quality, I particularly liked the outside seating with fires for warmth on a cold evening, although the smokers tended to monopolise them.We were disappointed with the room. If were staying longer and hadn't arrived late at night we would have asked for a change. The room, which had two queen beds, was small and very noisy from the in room air con and the various units outside the room window on a flat roof. If you're going to stay here ask for a look at the room and avoid rooms on level three which look inward.I would definitely return to Fisherman's Wharf but would probably try another hotel.	
Jul 25 2008 	Fantastic San Fran	I stayed at the Sheraton for 8 nights. The location is perfect, 3 mins walk to Pier 39. We had a ball. The staff were very helpful and friendly. As soon as we checked in they offered to book us a transfer to the airport for our return flight, a word of warning though...it's a shared transfer and if like us you get held up waiting on other sleepy heads you could be delayed for your flight-if we'd known this we just would've taken an earlier transfer. We had room service once, the food was fine, arrived to our room hot and rather quickly so no complaints there, but we preferred the I-Hop right across the street!!Rooms were very spacious but bathroom is quiet small. All in all we loved San Fran and would highly recommend the Sheraton to anyone who wants to be at the heart of the action	
Jul 24 2008 	Only okay....	Just back from a 4 night stay in the Sheraton. I wasn't overly impressed with the hotel. It was a middle of the road type hotel. I understand it has recently been renovated and quite honestly, I'd hate to have stayed before it was done up! The reception area was lovely, the fire pits outside and location was spot on for walking to Fisheraman's Wharf. However, the noise in the bedroom was awful. We originally had a bedroom on the 3rd floor with 2 double beds (upon request). The floor creaked constantly from the person walking in the bedroom above. I was awoken shortly before 6am, having travelled late the evening before, with the noise of the people in the room next door. I would honestly say there was a whole family having a non-stop full scale conversation and I could hear it practically word for word. I was very tempted at 6.35am to knock on the paper thin wall, but by chance they left the room 5 minutes later. Not only did that family's noise keep me awake but there was the horrendous noise coming from the street also. The windows aren't even double glazed, so you could hear constant traffic and noise. I was going to ring reception at 6.20am and let them hear the noise from next door and the noise of a lorry which had its engine running outside my window for over 5 minutes but decided against it as I was just hoping to nod back to sleep. I then had the pleasure just before 7am of the person above me getting up and the floorboards creaking for half an hour and as luck would have it, housekeeping then went in to the room and I could even hear the hoover!! I asked politely at reception the next morning if the family next door had checked out, which they hadn't and the receptionist immediately asked me if I'd like to switch rooms and moved us to the 2nd floor there and then. This room as marginally better. There was a courtyard outside our window and the road was a little quieter. I couldn't hear anyone in the room next door but there was still a bit of creaking on the floorboards from the room above, but nothing as bad as the previous room. The whole corridor however was quieter than the previous room. As for the decor on the corridors, it's not great for your eyesight when you're jet lagged!!There was a good choice of places to eat in Fishermans Whart but my son isn't in to fish and the smell was a little overpowering walking around the Wharf at night. We walked to North Beach one night and ate in a smashing restaurant, worth the uphill walk!! We went to Chinatown another night, having done the hop-on-hop-off bus.From a personal point of view, I would much preferred to have stayed around Union Square. The Wharf was nice to see but a night or maybe 2 nights would definitely have been enough for me. My son adored his trip so I can't knock it completely. I have friends visiting San Francisco soon and I won't be recommending this hotel for them.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Location Great Decor	Stayed here during the torch relay that was supposed to go in front of the wharf. Love the modern beach decor. Some interesting people walking outside the hotel (who like to whisper racial slurs, but mix up the nationalities!) make it a little uncomfortable if you are not Caucasian, but for the most part it's a safe place to walk around. Takes a trolley ride from the BART to get to the hotel, which is pretty fun if you don't have a lot of luggage.	
Jul 23 2008	Fun Decor Great location by Fisherman's Wharf	Stayed here for July 4th weekend, 2008. Hotel is 4 story building, conveniently located right by Fisherman's Wharf. At check-in, they placed me in 4th floor King bed room. Decor is colorful and fun. Room included a 42 inch LCD tv and even offered a few HD channels. Parking was expensive at $43/night but that is pretty standard in cities like San Francisco. We were able to walk a couple blocks to get to Fisherman's Wharf - a great area to stroll around and browse the various seafood, shops, and views off the piers. We were able to get to Chinatown with a 15 minute walk. The two things I loved about this hotel - the breakfast buffet and the outdoor firepits. Outside there are several semi-private sitting areas, each of which included a firepit. We bought a bottle of wine and just chilled outside, a fantastic and cozy way to finish off the night. The next morning, the breakfast buffet was pleasantly surprising. They offered small personal frypans with cooked veggie omelettes and home fries. My gf got a strawberry yogurt parfait while I was scooping up the salmon lox with capers. There was plenty of the standard continental fare in addition to the fresh mixed fruits. We had two complimentary passes but I saw from the menu it was rather expensive at $22+ per person. I would recommend based on value, location, and the firepits!	
Jul 22 2008 	Loved IT!	My daughter and I stayed 3 nights here and LOVED IT. The staff was so friendly and when we needed something they replied immediately. Rooms are georgeous and super big and really clean. Not one problem with the room, washroom or staff. Only issue was the charge for wireless internet, they offer it free if you sit downstairs but in the rooms it was 15-20 per day. Parking was ok as they gave us a discount and we were prepared about the charges, so no shock. The morning buffet was delicious and worth the 19.95 per person. Good variety and fresh fresh SUPER fresh food.	
Jul 18 2008 	Excellent Location	Stayed for 3 nights at the end of June with husband and 2 kids. The location of the Sheraton is excellent for all Fishermans Wharf has to offer. Easy walk to pier 39 and to the cable cars. The hotel itself is clean and comfortable. Check in was swift. Front desk staff pleasant. The firepits outside are lovely to sit around and have a drink. One downside of our visit was that there was only one elevator working, the other 2 were being renovated, so the wait for the elevator was long. We were on the 3rd floor and even took the stairs a few times as that was quicker. The decor of the hotel corridors is a bit harsh on your eyes, plenty of stripes on the walls and circles on the carpets. Would stay at the Sheraton again as I loved the location. Oh and parking fees are $43 a night!	
Jul 9 2008 	Not bad.	Good location, lovely renovated rooms. It was just too noisy. We had a room overlooking the drive, which had outdoor seating on it. They don't however close the outdoor seating area at night and so the noise continues. Ask for a room away from this and I couldn't fault this hotel. In room breakfast by the way not worth the money, although the service is very good.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great location great hotel!	We stayed there for a couple of nights in June and wanted to extend for another 2 nights but the hotel was full. We then moved to another hotel in financial district. For those wanting to experience different sights of SF, I'd recommend combining stays in Fisherman Wharf and downtown, you would feel like visiting a completely new city in each. Sheraton FW is perfect for the touristy stuff that we did around the Wharf. We loved it. We rented bicycle to Golden Gate and Sausalito (highly recommended! - the best way to enjoy the city, and it's generally flat trail!). The hotel is so close to Pier 39, we could walk there to see the sea lions at very early in the morning when it's still quiet (before the place is packed). The hotel has nice designs, appropriate for the area, with bright colors. The room is spacious and comfy. Bathroom is rather small, but clean. There is 7/11 conveniently nearby to stock up for drinks and snacks. The hotel location is very close to tourist attractions yet it's secluded enough to have a quiet feel -- there is an outdoor fireplace in its restaurant that looks inviting but we didn't have the time to enjoy. We'll definitely choose this hotel again in the future!	
Jul 2 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Shearton Fisherman's Wharf for 5 nights in June 2008. Overall the stay was great. Good sized rooms and location is convenient for North Beach. We asked for a quiet room and had one on the top floor, away from street noise. Rooms were clean and staff were efficient. We booked through Hotwire and had a good rate, which made the stay even more enjoyable.I would definitely stay at the hotel again and would recommend it to others.	
Jul 2 2008 	Great location good hotel	Stayed for 5 nights at the Sheraton and had a good experience. Loved the location - lots of bus stops in the area too (don't be afraid to use the Muni...great public transit system and cheap too). We were a little disappointed that we didn't have a king size bed, but the room was very comfortable and everyone at the hotel was nice. I think for a change of scenery I would stay in a different part of the city next time, but I would definitely recommend the Sheraton to friends and family.	
Jun 20 2008 	great!	After dropping my kids at SFO for their honeymoon to Hawaii, we stayed at the Sheraton FW, we loved it, it is decorated with an aquatic theme. The rooms are fresh and relaxing. The lobby is swanky and reminded me of a &quot;W&quot; hotel lobby, very chic. On the bottom floor their are outside sitting areas in rattan with a gas fire pit that look like coffee tables. They are cozy and so inviting. We were always on the run and never got to enjoy that part of the hotel. The hotel is located in Fisherman's Wharf, near everything that exciting area has to offer. We went through Hotwire and got an excellent rate. You won't go wrong at this awesome hotel.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great Hotel/Great Location	Stayed for 3 nights in June 2008. Previously was there 6 times prior to the rennovations. We have always enjoyed our stays at this hotel. Pricey...Yea...but worth it for the location! There may be other properties for those on budgets, but if you want a bit more than the average chain, this ones for you. We never ate at the hotel, but did sit outside in front at the 'firepits' several evenings with a glass of wine. Great place to sit and relax. Rooms are updated, and it does have flat panel TV's..but to be honest, for the time we were actually in the room, we never turned it on! We too, asked for late checkout, however, the manager politely stated that they cannot honor that at this property, however, they would hold our luggage for us after we checked out (and had 4 hours before our flight left). They did hold our luggage, and were very courteous to us when we picked it up later to catch our shuttle back to the airport. I would recommend for over 20 somethings, and on up. Not much for kids to do at the hotel, so probably would stay somewhere else with kids. All in all, a very pleasant experience, and very relaxing.	
Jun 12 2008 	interesting modern rooms	If you want to be near the Fisherman's Wharf area this is probably as good a hotel as any. It's a Sheraton and shares all the positives and negatives of that chain's properties. This hotel has modern style rooms with flat screen TV's, multiple phones and a small bath/toilet room with an excellent water saving shower head. They provide all the usual bathroom 'soaps' although they do not provide bathrobes.Public areas are attractive.Parking at $44 per night seems a bit steep. The staff were friendly and helpful and the room was properly cleaned.Since San Francisco is such a popular tourist/convention destination we did not find the hotel particularly expensive. Cheaper hotels exist in the area and city and those more concerned with their budgets would be wise to look elsewhere for equal quality at a lower price.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great Location for Exploring San Francisco	Just completed a 2 night stay at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf and we found it to be a great base for sightseeing. The hotel is in walking distance of the Wharf, cable cars, and Ghirardeli square. The street car stops right in front of the hotel for China Town and Union Square. The hotel has been recently updated and is decorated in a modern nautical motif. The bedding was comfy, the towels were fluffy and there was a large flat screen tv.There is a Trader Joe's two blocks away if you want to pick up a snack, picnic or bottle of wine.Parking was a bit stiff at $43, but that is to be expected in a major metro area.We would definately stay here again.	
Jun 10 2008 	Would not stay again	I had requested 2 rooms, 4 people, one room with a king bed, the other with 2 beds and was refused 2 beds as I had booked through Hotwire. This didn't make sense to me but was told that as I had gotten a &quot;deal&quot; I couldn't have 2 beds in the one room. This made sleeping for my daughter and I very uncomfortable as we are unsued to sharing a bed, both being restless sleepers. Also they were trying to charge us with parking 2 vehicles when we only had one. Their parking prices $100.00, for the one vehiicle, were horrendous.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great stay at the Sheraton	My husband and I were in town for a wedding for one night and booked the room through hotwire for $127. What a fabulous deal. Check in was easy and we were able to check in at noon instead of the normal 3pm. Our room was nicely decorated and the beds had lots of fluffy pillows. We also enjoyed the flat screen t.v. and the bathroom ammenities were wonderful. The location was great too. We could walk to the pier and restaurants from the hotel. Also there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and we used this to take the street car to union square for $1.50. I would have given a full 5 stars but the concierge tried to push a timeshare presentation on us which I thought was tacky.	
May 28 2008 	Not happy be aware	It seemed like a good fit, within blocks of the cruise line we were traveling on. Requested a lower room due to disability and was placed in the building next to the main office that was being renovated. It required steps to the room and also had roped off areas that we needed to get around the workers that were doing the renovation.  We requested late check-out as a Starwood perfered customer and they refused. I showed them were the book in the room for guest stated a late check-out for Starwood guest. They said the book was out dated and we had to check out at noon and could not stay until 1 at which time we could check in to the cruise ship. I asked for the manager and he said the same. Needless to say my shadow will never cross their door step again.	
May 26 2008 	Fabulous	Fantastic hotel, in a great location. When we arrived check in was very quick with great staff. The room was amazing and in fantastic condition with great decor. This was the same throughout the hotel. Couldn't really comment on the food as we ate out in the various restaurants close by. The main city is not that far away, particularly by tram.Would recommend hiring a bike from the place close by and cycling over the Golden Gate Bridge and get the ferry back.	
May 23 2008 	OK but extras cost a lot	I stayed there for a conference. The staff was very friendly and attentive but overall the hotel &quot;nickel and dimes&quot; you for everything. $20 for a continental breakfast, $5 for an orange juice, $15 internet access, etc. For the conference, the hotel charged $100+ as a set-up fee in the conference room for internet access then an additional charge per day. We live in an age where it really doesn't cost much for a company to offer internet access and certainly not $100 set-up fee for 30 seconds of work.Fortunately, our room was on the Radisson side so for personal internet access I was able to connect to their wifi. Kudos to the Radission for being in the 21st century. The Sheraton TV channel said that complimentary internet access was coming shortly to this particular Sheraton but shouldn't a Sheraton in the heart of 'technology central' be the first to offer complimentary internet access ? Overall, its a nice hotel but for $200+ a night, I would expect less &quot;nickel and dime-ing.&quot; Consider the Radisson . . . I think it even less expensive.	
May 14 2008 	Nice Stay!	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and had an enjoyable stay. We checked in on a Friday morning around 11am. Check in was fast and the agent was friendly. My friend and I each had a room and the rooms were, as requested, next to each other and we were on the fourth floor which is the top level. On entering my room I discovered it had not been cleaned. I went back downstairs, the agent appoligized, offered to move my room or put a housekeeping rush on it. I choose to keep the same room. Later that evening the agent sent up a bottle of wine and a fruit and cheese basket. Nice touch! The room was decent size. It has a bed, a couch, a chair, desk and flat screen TV. The bathroom area is on the small side, but with just one person in the room I didn't have any problems. Nice beds as always found in the Starwood family of hotels. Windows open for a fresh breeze of ocean air. Since I really don't spend much time it was perfect. There is a pool but it was much too cold out to even think about.We did not dine at the breakfast buffet or the coffee/wine bar in the lobby. We asked the concierge on several different occasions to suggest resteraunts in different areas. On Friday night, the first lady we dealt with was somewhat unhelpful. She was using Open Table and seemed not to know much about the city at all. She suggested to just go over to that area as there &quot;are many resteraunts in that area&quot; and that was it. Not much help. The next day we asked again for a good Italian resteraunt. The response was I know this one and let me call. Oh I have to leave a message and they will call you back. No call, the concierge didn't do any follow up. The next night I asked about a steakhouse and the gentleman suggusted House of Prime, a prime rib place not a steakhouse, and that was it. When I asked for anything else, he wasn't too helpful. I asked about another resteraunt and he said I think it burned down. I did not as we ate thare that night. I suggust the phone book -- it's more help! I do not know if these are employees of the hotel or an outside service the hotel uses. But good luck.The first night to venture out we asked for a cab. They offered a sedan for $30 to go across town. Not bad. But beware, these prices change daily. The next day to go to the same place was now $45 -- cab cost $18. The doormen really want to put you a sedan. But have them call a taxi -- they are always around and you do not have to wait long.I inquired with the bell desk, since I had lost all faith in the conceirge, to ask about transportation back to the airport. We took Super Shuttle from the airport and that took almost 2 hours and was horrible. So I asked taxi rates, and of course, they tried to sell me a shuttle that would get me back to the airport 4 hours before my flight. Then the bell desk offered a sedan for $45 which we took. No problems there.We tried to use the &quot;free internet check in&quot; in business center. We were flying Virgin America and they were not offered. I then paid the $5.00 to use the internet for 10 minutes to find out you couldn't print from the computer. I spoke with the front desk who told me to go the concierge and there we go again. The concierge this time was too busy selling packages and kept saying just wait, a few minutes more, and wait a minute -- so finally I gave up. I was tired of being shuffled to the back of the line while the agent made her comissions.Overall I enjoyed my stay, would advise anyone to stay here but to not use the concierge service.A few good places to eat while in SFO -- Orginall Joe's Steakhouse. Decently prices, historic, great food -- but make a reservation!! Absenth -- French Bistro in the Theatre District -- great for Sunday brunch! Close to the hotel is the Fisherman's Wharf Cafe -- good for a cheap breakfast and fast. Great service.Also nice about this hotel is there is a Walgreens and Safeway across the street. Great to pick up a few things.	
May 6 2008 	I would stay again	We were visiting Carmel and decided to go stay in San Fransisco for a few nights while we were there. We chose the Sherton because it was a beautiful hotel. We had to get 2 rooms since there were several of us. They were able to put us in rooms right next to each other. The views from the rooms were gorgeous. We walked where ever we went, so it was at a good location. We bought a LOT and the people at the front actually had someone help us load the cars so that we could get out of there soon (we were about to be late for our flight). I want to return there in the future and I'd stay with these folks again.	
May 3 2008 	Awesome location!	We stayed here in between 5 days in Napa and our flight home. We got in early because we had to return our rental car and they had our room ready (11 a.m.)! The lobby was nice and the bellman got our luggage right up to the room. It was large and clean and bright. Everything we needed was right there. The concierge was helpful when we needed advice. Pier 39 was only a block away, which was terrific. And Pier 33, where the Alcatraz tour leaves from, was a very easy walk. We took the cable car to the financial district for dinner and drinks. It couldn't have been more convenient. We would definitely stay here the next time we're in the area.	
Apr 29 2008 	Very nice hotel !	Stayed in Sheraton FW 4 nights in beginning of April. The overall impression is very good. Pluses:+ location ! - this is probably the main about the place. It is really located very convenient to all the attractions + rooms are big enough and clean (the bathroom is rather small though)+ very nice food stall which become a bar in the afternoon/evening - it is very handy for breakfast (we used it always instead of going the restaurant)+ the outdoor sitting area with open fire is very nice in the eveningMinuses:- small bathrooms- the color concept and lighting of the rooms make them a bit &quot;hospital looking&quot; - white and blue with bright white light.- the AC is rather noisy - the walls are really thin and you can hear all what is going on in the neighboring roomsOverall: great place to be when in SFO. Can recommend to a friend !	
Apr 29 2008	Nicely renovated but watch your wallet	This is a hotel I have stayed in numerous times over the years. This was the first one with family (children aged 10 and 6). I know that $33m has been poured into the renovation, and the rooms and lobby space are certainly nicer. But overall I cannot recommend. Pluses include the upgrade to the room and lobby; free access to fitness club across the street; friendly staff. The main minus is that the hotel seems to have license to nickel and dime at every last opportunity. Parking is $50 a day (!!), Internet access $15 (the Radisson across the street has free WiFi), a mediocre-looking buffet breakfast is $19.95 (I looked but did not indulge), and the food prices in the lobby cafe are high. Water pressure in the shower is awful. There are also some annoyances from a family perspective - they do not have cots (even for extra $$), there are no fridges in the rooms, and the layout of room is such that there is no way to have only a bathroom light on behind a closed door. There is also not any space in the hotel where it is comfortable to sit. The lobby has tables and chairs and is constantly freezing due to poor design. It's probably better than a lot of the other second-rate hotels in the area. I like Fisherman's wharf because of easy access to GG bridge, the Embarcadero, and great running in the morning. But be warned there is not a decent meal to be found in the area.	
Apr 28 2008 	Nice rennovation	Stayed here during our engagement trip. While we heard a lot of bad things about this hotel on this site, we had a good rate and stuck with it. Turns out our stay was great. The room was brand new and very nice. No loud construction noises. Only noise encountered were the Telegraph Hill parrots in the tree outside our room - this was a pretty cool sight and not a drawback!! Guest service were friendly and helpful and location great. No issues here!	
Apr 27 2008 	Location is the only reason to stay here	The location of this hotel is the best reason to stay here, but if you can find a similar location for the same price, I recommend you stay there instead. Though the hotel was clean and newly renovated, there was a charge to use the internet, the hotel dining was outrageously expensive ($3 for a cup of tea!), the tv channels were minimal, and the staff was chilly except for the concierge, who was helpful and patient. You are basically getting a room in a good location close to Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach. If you don't expect more than that, you should be fine.	
Apr 21 2008 	Fantastic Memorable and would definately return	Prior to booking this hotel, i read the reviews on here, but having stayed in the hotel 23 years ago, I remember this as being one of the best hotels in Fisherman's Wharf so booked it again. Upon arrival to the hotel on 2nd April 2008, I was pleasantly surprised given some of the comments on here at how nice this hotel really was. The rooms and passageways were bright and airy, and the beds very comfortable. There was a crib in the room for our baby at no extra charge and linen on the crib changed daily. The hotel is in the best location for all the sights in San Fransisco and has a lovely outdoor swimming pool. At night the front of the hotel has a lovely terrace to the front with tables warmed by fire pits outside. We looked at other hotels in the area whilst we were there and we were glad for our choice, it was very well located for shops, restaurants, trams and sights even had a Safeway across the street! Having been in the hospitality industry for 25 years it takes a lot to impress me and this hotel did, I really dont understand some of the comments on here as renovations were not obvious to us there, the staff were very helpful and knowledgeable and the place was very clean and nice and good value for money. The only negatives I would raise about this hotel is the expensive car parking charges but thats normal for this area, and that they had a large conference party in while we were there, and they sort of over took the hotel public areas and the people who were on the conference made you feel as though you were intruding, but thats not fault of the hotel but the company that were holding there conference there. I would recommend this hotel to everyone who wants to have the best experience in San Francisco, you really wont find better than this on the Wharf.	
Apr 17 2008 	Another great weekend in San Francisco!	After staying at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf property 2 years ago, my husband and I knew first hand what a great location this is for staging your San Francisco/Napa/Sonoma vacation and chose to stay here again with friends who have never been. Our weekend was from Friday April 11th through Monday April 14th and we caught the rare 80 sunny weather for the entire weeked!They have rennovated the hotel, and truth be told, it is tacky and ugly. The decor two years ago was old and dated, but had the charm of the wharf in it's nautical atmosphere. They've tried to update it with an &quot;Ikea&quot; feel, but it looks as though it's a temporary shell rather than the hip ambience of the sleak &quot;W&quot; (the higher end &quot;cool&quot; Starwood property). I think they've missed the mark. If you're looking for a classy or hip hotel...this is not it.Now on to the positives....the staff! WOW! My husband and I are world travelers. We travel no less than 5 or 6 times a year for vacation and relaxation. We have freqented dive dumps to 5 star resorts, and the staff at this small, aged hotel were a force to be reckoned with!Upon our arrival, we were greeted at the front desk by 3 smiling faces. Darren took care of us personally, but each staff member at the front desk had smiles and hellos to go around. As we went through the check in process, Darren found out that we were celebrating my birthday, and immediately called the bell staff to have a bottle of complimentary champagne brought to the room! What a great personal touch!!! It was a wonderful way to begin our weekend. He also sent a hand written happy birthday note, and even remembered my first name in the card. In a day when customer service is hard to come by, Darren went above and beyond. And it didn't stop there!The housekeeper on the 4th floor was one of the most pleasant and efficient women I've ever encountered. She did her job with a smile, and greeted us in the hallway every morning with a hello and extra towels. I'm sorry I did not get her name so that I could add it to the letter of thanks that I sent to the staff of the hotel.The Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf is in a great location to launch your exploration of San Francisco and all it's wonders. You don't even need a car, as most places are accessable via public transportation, or on foot. However...there are a few downsides to this hotel. As mentioned above, the decor is tacky at best. The parking is OUTRAGEOUS! It cost us more to park for 3 nights, than it did to rent an SUV for 4 days. As a starwood preffered member I was VERY disappointed to know that they have done away with their &quot;club level&quot;. They used to upgrade members to their club floor, which had the perk of breakfast and a happy hour free for members. It was just one of those nice things that they've taken away. Now they put you on the &quot;executive floor&quot; which offers nothing in the way of perks. I think they should at least offer free parking!All in all, this hotel is in a great location, a good bang for the buck considering other hotel prices in the city, and the customer service was out of this world! I am confident that if you encountered a problem, the hotel staff would be quick to remedy any issues!Have a wonderful trip!	
Apr 15 2008 	Think again	We stayed here for 4 nights in March 2008. If I was returning to San francisco I would choose another hotel to stay at. We were given a twin room even though my husband &amp; I requested a double room when booking, when I asked to be moved I was told they were booked out of double beds for the 1st night but they could move me the second night. The next day we pack our bags up in anticipation of moving only to be told at reception no we cannot move you. When I spoke to the front office manager he was rude and not helpful in offering any solutions and told us that they always over book on double/king rooms (which I find unsatisfactory as you should get the room you book). We also over heard the manager make snide comments about customers and us whilst we were still in hearing distance as we walked away. The hotel was also evacuated on the last night at 1.30 am as the fire alarms went off and it was a false alarm, we have been told since that this happens on a regular basis. I myself have worked in hospitalty for over 10 years and have travelled extensively and found this hotel very unprofessional for a Sheraton and for the amount you pay for a room - not worth it.	
Apr 7 2008	Great location but need to tell that they are renovating...	Should let you know that they are having renovations when making hotel reservations.	
Apr 4 2008 	Excellent location	We stayed at this Sheraton for 4 nights at the start of a 3 week stay in California and it appears to be the nicest hotel in the area. The hotel has efficient check in staff and the conceirge were very helpfull.We didn't eat at the hotel as there were many hotels to eat in the wharf area which were quite good.The rooms are a bit bright and not to everyones taste but thay are newly renovated and have comfortable beds which is the most important thing and they have starbucks coffee in everyroom which was a nice surprise. The hotel also has an outdoor heated pool which not that many have in San Francisco have.As it was our first time in San Francisco we took the city tour and trip to Alcatraz which were excellent.I thought San Francsco was a fantastic city and the Sheraton was in an excellent location on the wharf and for the tram and trolly stops.	
Apr 2 2008	Fantastic hotel!	We stayed for two nights in February and had an absolutely wonderful time. The pros: Lovely and bright room, hotel was just renovated so everything is brand new. Was upgraded due to points and had a club room. Big, beautiful bathroom and very comfortable bed and sofa. LOVED the outdoor fire pits - very cozy to have a glass of wine at and still be outside. Fantastic location - you are within a five or ten minute walk of everything at the wharf. Brand new flat screen TV's in the room.The cons: When we were there, still redoing the exercise room, but they gave us free passes to a nearby sports club that was VERY nice, the pool was outdoors and not very heated so we couldn't use that when we were there, not a great selection of food, but there are tons of restaurants once you set foot outdoorsWe stayed for free this time, but would come back and stay again on our own dollar	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Hotel	What a great hotel! 2 mins walk to the wharf. Its clean &amp; tidy. The rooms are big and spacious with very comfy beds!! The only down side is the noise - but I do think that happens in every hotel in the wharf area - you just get used to it. The staff are helpful but the concierge is always busy so it maybe best to make your own trip arrangements - we did this and it worked out cheaper. I would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 28 2008 	I recommend it	Great position for tourists even though it's actually set back a few blocks from the wharf. I first stayed in a standard room and was a little underwhelmed despite a great bed. I then returned a few weeks later on a more generous client's budget and stayed in a suite which was fabulous, great furniture, fittings and facilities and an incredibly comfortable bed. The service was very good throughout the hotel, it is handy for strolling along the wharf, cable cars are nearby but you are surrounded by hundreds of far more interesting places to eat than the hotel has to offer. I would stay again.	
Mar 13 2008 	Fantastic Location	Clean, kind and wonderful location. Would use again	
Mar 2 2008 	Great location! Great staff very helpful. Close to lots of attractions.	Before I left on my trip, I read some negative reviews but still decided to keep my reservation. I was not disappointed in the least. I found the staff very helpful and the location was excellent! Since I was traveling on my own, I found it was seldom I was alone because the Wharf is very busy and lots to do. The Safeway is right around the corner and Trader's Joe's just down the street and handy for shopping. The cable car stop was just a few blocks from the hotel. I definitly would stay here again and hope to return in the spring of 2009. San Francisco is a city with lots to do and plenty of activities.	
Mar 2 2008 	Excellent Location	We stayed for 5 nights and were very happy with it. Our room was on the ground floor, which is excellent for older people. The location suited us very well as it was near great seafood restaurants and public transport was plentiful. The buffet breakfast was great, plenty of fruit and a large selection of cooked dishes. The coffee machine in the bedroom was a godsend, as it was simple to use and produced good coffee.Altogether a good visit.	
Mar 1 2008 	Perfect place to stay	We just returned from a stay at the Sheraton from 2/26/08 - 2/29/08 and were very pleased. Our room was small but extremely comfortable. It had obviously been recently updated as the decor was quite modern -- very bright colors and eclectic. The bathroom was small as some reviewers have said, but it was fine for our needs. The room was very quiet. The view was awful (the rooftop below) but we didn't care since we were not in the room much during the day. There was a huge digital TV in the room too. The only noise we heard was footsteps overhead. One night at about 4 AM the fire alarm went off (false alarm) which rattled us a bit, but the hotel staff was very apologetic about the disturbance. The hotel was extremely conveniently located to Fisherman's Wharf and was within walking distance of many attractions (Pier 39, Alcatraz, Ghirardelli's Square, The Cannery, the cable car turn-around) and many restaurants. There is a Walgreens, an IHOP and a grocery store within a block. The hotel had a great seating area out front with gas fireplaces where we were able to relax and have a glass of wine after a long day of touring. I would definitely book at the Sheraton again. We got a great deal through Funjet and were thrilled with the trip. If you want a clean, comfortable, convenient, reasonably priced hotel, this one is it.	
Mar 1 2008 	Fantastic	I would like to say that this hotel knows how to provide outstanding and professional service to families. The hotel staff went above and beyond to meet all our child's needs. The management also brought a microwave to the room to assist with heating babies bottles.The room was modern, clean, spacious and comfortable. Staff were always polite, professional and willing to go the 'extra mile'. The concierge prints requests within minutes and is fluent in many languages.Overall the hotel is in a fabulous location at Fisherman's Wharf, close to all local tourist attractions. I would recommend a stay here to anyone.	
Mar 1 2008 	Great location average hotel	We scheduled an eight day long trip up the California coastline to San Francisco. We stayed at the Sheraton at Fisherman's Wharf for 3 nights of our vacation.First off the hotel couldn't be in a much better location, we thought. It is only about a couple blocks walk to Pier 39 and all the great dining that it has to offer. Ghirardelli Square is within walking distance as well. The cable car stop can take you to Union Square for more great shopping with a fun ride.While we were there, the hotel was working on some pretty extensive renovations. These are pretty badly needed because the hotel was looking a little bit dated. The carpet in our room was very well worn, the wallpaper faded and peeling a bit, and everything was just a tad dark for my tastes.If they still offer it, get a club level room. We didn't know what it was and had to call and ask, but it was worth the extra few dollars per day. Essentially the &quot;club&quot; was a small area just outside the entry hallway to our wing of the hotel. They had a nice contiental breakfast with lots of fresh fruits, juices, cereals, coffees, etc. I know it sounds like standard continental breakfast fare, but the quality was good enough that I actually wanted to eat it. In the afternoon around happy hour time, they have cheese trays, fruit trays, and other tasty snacks. Both services are included in the Club Level Room price.Overall, we thought the place was a tad overpriced for the quality of the rooms, which hopefully has changed substantially due to the improvements they had in progress. They said we were the last people to stay in that room before they shut it down for renovations. The staff was pretty courteous but not outstanding. The concierge seemed kind of useless...at the stand they had a little sign stating that he was an employee of some travel information service and not the Sheraton. When we stopped to ask some questions, he helped us, but tried to sell us a bunch of trips and stuff that we weren't remotely interested in...in short, I want a concierge to be an information resource that can help us find interesting things to do, I don't want a sales pitch.We liked it, we'd probably stay there again if we wanted to stay down by the Wharf.	
Feb 29 2008 	Don't judge a book by it's cover!	Hotel is in Fisherman's Wharf, close to everything. Exterior of hotel is very old and dated...I was worried when we drove up to check in. But as soon as you entered you could see the renovations! VERY beautiful and stylish lobby. Rooms were great, as well. We had a king bed in our room and had plenty of space. Not much of a view as all the surrounding buildings are the same height. Great, clean rooms and bathrooms. I would definitely stay here again. PARKING: is $43 plus tax per day; watch out!!	
Feb 13 2008	Clean 	I stayed here for two nights. My room was clean, spacious up-to-date. I would have to agree with someone else the place needs new heaters &amp; mini bars.The bathrooms are small, but the shower head was good quality.The staff was frindly and helpful.Parking is very expensive, but this is SF expect to pay at least 50 a night any where. I saw someones car was broken into on the street, I parked in the garage. This is a good location for walking the wharf and catching the trolley. It is all very close, there is a safeway across the steet. I'd stay here again.	
Feb 13 2008 	Nice renovation	We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights. The location is a bit touristy. The hotel is nicely renovated. Room is big and bright. But the bathroom is still tight. Only thing is the heater is a bit noisy. and they should place a minibar in the room. Hotel offers valet parking but it's very expensive. You can park your car in the garage accross from the hotel or search for a street parking maybe one or two blocks away from the hotel. I love the new Sheraton bed, they are really comfortable.	
Feb 13 2008	Loved this Hotel	We stayed here as part of a celebration for our 20th Wedding Anniversary and we thought the hotel was great.We arrived in the city after staying for a few nights in Sausalito at 10am, thinking we would be able to leave our suitcases until we could check in. We were greeted by a lovely guy at the reception, who said our room was ready now and that we could check in straightaway. That was just fab, now we could relax for the day without having to check in later.Our room was gourgeous, large, had lovely furniture and was freshly decorated and not a mark on it. If you like minimalist decor, this is the hotel for you, very contemporary. If you don't, then find another. The room was cleaned everyday, with fresh linen daily too. Though the bathrooms are on the small side, they are beautifully tiled and very clean.All the public areas in the hotel are lovely especially the Firepits. It's great to sit out there at night having a drink and socialising.We had a wonderful night out at the Cityscape Restaurant (46th floor of the Hilton Hotel) as 'the' celebration of our anniversary. It was fabulous, you must book a table there the views are spectacular. But what made the night even more special, was our concierge arranged the hotel limousine to take us and pick us up. I felt like royalty. It only cost $30, which is about the same price as a return cab journey, which is how we thought we would have to travel. It is litle touches like this, that made the stay special.All the staff we met in the hotel were very friendly and efficient and always ackowledged you with a smile and a greeting.There is still a little renovation work going on, but this is done during the day, when most people are out sightseeing and everything is tidied away for the evening when you get back.The area is touristy, with many hotels, shops and restaurants and Pier 39 is just a 5 min walk. The Powell &amp; Mason Cable Car Line is just a block away, so really great for exploring the rest of the city. Get a Muni Pass. Our 3 day one was $18 and you can use all the cable cars, trolley buses and normal buses as much as you want.We would stay here again and would recommend it to friends.	
Feb 13 2008 	Hated to leave! :<( Felt like I was leaving FAMILY! :>)	Well, this review is LONG overdue, for what was an EXTRAORDINARY stay with my 80 y/o Dad on a once in a lifetime cross country road trip that took over 5 weeks in Oct/Nov of &quot;07. So the review will be LONG. The next to last nite in SF, up on Twin Peaks enjoying the panorama below (a recommended &quot;not to miss&quot; by bellman Scott), both Dad and I caught horrible colds at twilight, as the temp plummeted and the wind picked up. We took another 10 days or so to limp, sick, by car, all the way back cross country to our homes in suburban Atlanta. So the review delay I will blame on illness, exhaustion, immediately followed by the holiday challanges. Plus possible being mildly mentally disturbed..(kidding! just a joke for my pals on the staff there:&gt;) Let me preface this by saying I KNOW AND UNDERSTAND HOTELS. I worked in them for over 25 years, as a Bellman, Doorman, Bell Captain, Guest Service Manager, Front Desk Associate, Concierge, Front Desk Supervisor, MOD (Mgr on Duty) and PM Manager.  As well, I have traveled a good bit domestically, and always stay in full service HOTELS (Starwoods ONLY now, burned my bridges with that HILTON BUNCH; Paris has turned into the perfect spokesperson for them), similar to what I worked in. (it's always nice to be on the other side of the fence.) First and foremost, your opinion of your experience is probably going to be heavily determined by the STAFF of the property you chose. Rest assured that the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf has the staff to make you happier than happy. They are, in almost every respect, personable, knowledgable, eager to please, willing to go the extra mile, in a word, professional and HAPPY to be there. (It helps to remember that they are PEOPLE, employed to provide you with service, and to treat them that way.) They are not your servants. Or your pet. Be respectful to them as they do the VERY HARD WORK that is CUSTOMER SERVICE, and you will be rewarded 10 times over.My first real staff member encounter was by phone, with Tyler, the Ass't Front Office Director (a position he co-holds with Michael).As we were on such a long road trip, and it was more than slightly expensive staying in good hotels every nite for over 5 weeks, we tried to use the suburbs when the area MAP made it appear reasonable. Do not be fooled by the map, and distances, in the SF bay area. I picked the Sheraton in San Rafael due to it's &quot;recent remodel&quot;, and location right by the expressway just across the bay. HUUUUUGE mistake. San Rafael is no more like SF than Sayville, Long Island is like Manhatten. There was nothing there. NOTHING. We arrived late, exhausted, having taken the PCH all the way up from the Westin LA Airport, instead of the highway all the way. We checked into what was apparantly a renovated former Holiday Inn with virtually no services, at an exit with perhaps 4 mini mart gas stations.We crashed in the &quot;remodeled&quot;, but obviously old, heavily worn rooms that took a lot of work to make even presentable. The next AM, my dad knocked on the door, and said we had to &quot;get out of there, he spoke to a cab driver out front, and we are not in SF by a long shot&quot;. I had already partially arrived at that conclusion, and had been looking at availability at the Starwood Preferred Guest website half the nite. Most of my options were not available for the full 6 nites we needed, but I saw a glimmer of lite at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf. I called, and asked to speak to the Front office Manager or Supervisor. I was lucky enough that Tyler Smittle was the MOD that day. Explaining our late in life, father/son (Mom passed 2 years earlier) bonding cross country road trip, and it's MEANING to US, even though they were virtually booked, Tyler said to come on over, that we indeed were NOT anywhere we needed to be to enjoy SF, and even agreed to honor a corp rate that their site showed available the nite we got to San Raf, but was no longer available the next day. That is called &quot;looking out for your regular customers&quot;. It's how you build loyalty, and get return visitors. Tyler knows his stuff. Everyone there seems to. We repacked and headed into SF proper, guided by the navi system in the car....in no time we pulled into the drive of the sprawling, entire block structure that was Sheraton FW, where we were greeted by doorman extraordinaire Jason (always smiling). He got the bags, helped us decide parking options, and we headed in to the desk, where both Tyler and one of his FD agents were expecting us. They had pre-blocked 2 4th floor rooms (connecting) for us. On the corner, great rooms.Some renovation was still going on then, but it was very low key; very little noise or bother, you hardly knew it was taking place unless you turned down a hall where it was going on. Some here have complained about the decor? Some complain about ANYTHING, it's what they live for. For the record, the new decor was, at least to us (dad an Architect, I was an Architecture/Industrial Design major before ending up making my part time college job a career), fresh, cheerful, funky, uplifting and tasteful. Think elements of art deco, Malibu Beach House, South Beach Miami, and Ikea's clean form and function, all nicely blended into a unique and cheerful modern look.We loved it. And the remodel, which I believe is now completed, was not done on the cheap...materials and fixtures and furnishings and accessories were all first rate. That applies to both the public areas and the rooms, with beautiful new LG flat screen tv's (eh, could use a few more channels), and compact, but gorgeous vanities. The HVAC system was an older one, with below window consoles, a little noisy at times, but worked well.Housekeeping was impeccible. Some here also have complained about the view. PEOPLE! It's a 4 story hotel.....a block from the bay. What did you think you might see from your 4th floor (maximum) window? You see the street below, and a few blocks in whatever direction your room faces, that's what. DUH. For the record, the street activity can be pretty interesting around the wharf area. There is no full service &quot;restaurant' in the traditiional sense, on property, which seemed a bit odd at first, but they had a fine room service menu, an excellent breakfast buffet everyday watched over by the ever hospitable hostess with the mostess, Cynthia :&gt;) , and a lobby bar/dining area, Cafe Spresso, that offered a lot more options than you expected if you went up and truly explored it. A small, but very well served and tasty food menu was available in the evenings, which could be eaten either in the Cafe, or outside in one of the cozy, sofa anchored firepit seating areas. Meta, the Irish tornedo, ruled the cafe, and was a wonderful server, hostess and became a friend, as many others did. She had to serve and bus the entire Cafe and firepit area alone, and was everywhere, but always had time for a joke, a kind word, or a smart remark :&gt;)....And the food was great; I drove her crazy wanting my burger bite platters, and she put up with me (and dad, who's even a bit daffier than I ). She is ably assisted at all times by the Spresso bartender Dirkson, who pours graciously from their small but good selection of wines and liquor. Their house wine Salmon Creek, by the glass, was a suprisingly good bargain. And Dirkson too, knows his customer service. I watched in listened as some drunken, boorish man kept asking him what part of China he was from, was he Cantonese, or whatever? Dirkson politely engaged the gentleman, never taking offense at Asians being stereotyped all as Chinese or Japanese. Dirkson, I believe, is of Vietnamese heritage. Sigh. But he played along with the drunk graciously, like good bartenders do. Our bellman on check in was Scott, and his kindness and seeming willingness to do whatever it took to make a guest happy permeated what turned out to be an 11 nite stay. (it's like the guy never goes home, he was seemingly everywhere every time we passed thru the lobby.)  We requested check out extensions twice, as we so loved SF, and were so comfortable at the Sheraton FW; Michael extended us once, and Tyler the second time. (it was just too far to drive from there to Portland and Seattle, our origonal plan) when there was so much to do right where we were.)The hotel's location is fabulous. With or without a car, SF is easy to navigate, esp starting near FW. The number of good (and fast food/reasonable) dining places that are walkable from the hotel is amazing, and our lovely concierge Zahkida knew them all.You are right next to streetcar or cable car stops, not far from Lombard Street, the &quot;world's crookedest street&quot; seen in so many movies, just one block in from the bay, and directly in between Pier 39 with the adorable but foul smelling sea lion populace, and famous Ghirardelli Square. Both fine and eclectic shopping can be found on foot, beyond the plethora of usual tourist type stuff. If you have a car, the area you start in at the SFW is easy to drive in, and your not far from Embarcadero or Market Street, making it easy to expore downtown SF as well by car. (very easy city to drive in, compared to the horror that Atlanta has become.) It's also safe to walk about (also compared to the horror Atlanta is)...the wharf area seems totally unthreatening, and we even walked back to the hotel from an excellent restaurant in Chinatown suggested by Zahkida. Never felt uncomfortable, either on foot, streetcar, or driving, in that city.Hotel parking is plentiful, easy to access from the guest rooms, well lit and safe. Also expensive, $46. a day. Get over it. It's SF.Like Tom Hanks said, &quot;There's no CRYING in BASEBALL!&quot;.Well, there's NO cheap parking in SF; or NYC. Or other really great, densely populated cities that are really worth visiting. Though I did not use the heated, outdoor pool while I was there, I could have and should have. The pool deck remodel was finished, but the temp was a bit brisk, and I never went out onto the deck to check the water temp until it was REALLY to chilly to swim. But the water in the pool was crystal clear, and as warm as a bathtub; I hated that i hadn't tried it out the 1st few days we were there, when it was warmer. Andy Shum is the Rooms director, and Tyler and Michael are his co-assistants in managing everything not associated with food and beverage. Under those 3's direction, you'll find a a superior Front desk, Concierge, Bell and Door and Housekeeping staff. We hated to leave, even after 11 days and running up a pretty large bill. But our time ran out, and with the bad colds, we knew we had to start home. The nite before we left, Tyler sent up a comp bottle of Cabernet, and a card signed by all the lobby staff who we came to know and love during our long visit. And knowing we were sick, as we packed the car in the drive, preparing to leave, Cynthia from the breakfast buffet darted out the side door and gave us a hug, and a small bag of fresh croissants and muffins for the road.JUST WOW! You don't get treated like that in very many places.WE (hopefully) will go back. I (definitely) will go back. Maybe we'll fly and rent a car next time. That Atl to SF drive is a tough one.But that's another story for another review, as we stopped and explored many fun cities en route.But SF, and the Sheraton FW, was the pinnacle of the trip.Check the pix....	
Feb 11 2008 	Looked Good but Looks are Deceiving!	We were very excited to stay at the Sheraton at Fisherman's Warf, especially since we had got such a great deal on Priceline.com, but we were not happy with this hotel at all! It does look very nice with the upgraded modern decor and the firepits outside are a nice touch, but looks are not everything when it comes to a hotel and that's all this place has! My first complaint is that the walls are paper thin! We heard everything! The people across the hall had music that was not even up high and we could hear it in our room. The security guard would walk down the hall and you could hear his radio going off so loud that it woke me up! Then at 6am the person next door took a shower and I could hear everthing that they were doing! The whole time they were in the shower all I could hear was a loud screeching sound, then I could hear their blow dryer and every other time they turned on a faucet! I laid awake the whole time they were getting ready for their day because it was so loud! Then after we left, we got charged a $250.00 fine for smoking in the room! And we don't smoke!! We complained to the security and the man who we spoke to told us to call back the next day and speak with a different manager, and when we called back no one had even heard of this person! I thought the Sheraton was supposed to a reliable, stand-up brand of hotels, but they are not! I would only reccomend staying here if you don't like to sleep or are a very deep sleeper, and you have $250.00 that you want to throw away!	
Feb 5 2008 	standard smelly hotel	We stayed at this hotel on the first part of your US trip for our first year anniversary.The location is great with the piers, restaurants and main sites close by.The hotel itself was ok. staff were friendly but the rooms were sub-standard. They were big but very dated. The carpets and curtains had stains and everything in the room smelt funny including the bed sheets. I assume the smell is from the local piers as its so close. The hotel itself has a very fishy and stale smell.	
Jan 25 2008 	Close to Fishermans wharf	Room was cleaned daily, but carpet was disgustingly dirty. Curtains and bedskirts had numerous stains. Rooms closest to the streets could hear the street noise and people talking outside. The new part of the hotel was probably nicer and better, but when we arrived it was opening day and the rooms smelled like carpet or wallpaper glue. We couldnt stay in those new rooms so opted for the older ones, but if we'd known it was so drab and stained we would not have picked this hotel. The only plus was that is was walking distance to many buses and street cars, and of course fishermans wharff. and only 6 blocks or so to chinatown.	
Jan 21 2008 	Not impressed	We stayed here for three nights. We booked this hotel because of its location, which is great with walking distance to all the restaurants including Pier 39. I am a gold preferred guest at Starwood and by check-in we were told our room would be upgraded. However the room felt like a standard room besides a gold sign on the desk saying &quot;Preferred guest room&quot;. The upgrade was probably this golden sign! According to their website they just spent 33 million dollars on renovation. The hotel still feels old and run down. They have for example done nothing the bathrooms. They are by the way small and extremely cold. The TV was great but the system was quite often &quot;unavailable&quot; on the screen. There was no mini bar and the soda machine on the floor was out of order. The staff was very friendly. Extra plus for the bell man.	
Jan 21 2008 	Funky Decor @ Fishermans Wharf!	On our final leg of a month long journey in North America across Christmas, we spent 3 nights at the Sheraton Fishermans Wharf while breaking up the trip back to Sydney. This is one of the few properties throughout the trip that I had zero information on and was hoping the Sheraton reputation would result in a good stay once again. Luckily, it didn't let us downArriving with a car full of luggage and two jet lagged little kids (22mths &amp; 3.5yrs old) we were quickly and effectively checked in to our two adjoining rooms. We asked for a cot (crib) to be sent up and it arrived within minutes. Our rooms were 1 King and adjoining 2 twins and the interior was great. We were on the top floor (4th) facing the main street (Mason) so no views of any kind but very funky sloping windows made for a unique touch to the room layout. Large comfy beds and couch areas were complimented by bright colours, large LCD TV and clean functional bathrooms.The property is in a great location right in the heart of Fishermans Wharf. Although not right on the waterfront, we were actually thankful to be one block back from the all the 'action' at the end of the day. We didn't use the Gym but did &quot;try&quot; and swim in the outdoor heated pool, but our 3.5yr old was spoiled by summer temperatures and only lasted about 2 mins. Regardless, it looked like a nice outdoor setup.We had room service one night which was satisfactory, but there are so many good and family friendly restaurants right outside the front door, that there is no need to stay in and eat. Although there's no real breakfast option/dining area, there is a great 24hr iHop diner across the street which we made our own for the 3 mornings we were there. Once again, very child friendly with colouring books and kid friendly meals.Overall we had a wonderful stay and was a great finish to our holiday. If you're looking or a fairly low key, family/convention friendly hotel down in the exciting Fishermans Wharf area of San Francisco, the Sheraton is a great option!	
Jan 18 2008 	Great but hated the decor!!!	Stayed for 2 nights at this hotel on a return visit to San Francisco. Valet parking on arrival (parking approx $40.00 per night only alternative was unsecure next door at $33.00). Staff very helpful and friendly. Room great, very clean and modern, huge flat screen TV, PS2, internet port etc. Bathroom quite small I thought considering size of room. We chose not to eat at the hotel so cannot report on food but lots of choice and very reasonable. Hotel is huge and the decor is ultra modern (horrible!) it's mainly white with turqouise and bright yellow accents (I felt like I had steppped into a beach hut!). Our room was white with yellow blinds with turqouise bedding, pink cushions and silver furniture. If you like modern and minimalism then you will like this, I hate it so it was a bit of a shock when I walked in. Overall though a very clean modern hotel with good facilities (has fire pits outside for you smokers). Location is fantastic only a block away (2 minutes walk) from Fishermans Wharf and the sightseeing tours (5 minutes from pier 39).10 out of 10 even if the decor was awful!!	
Jan 16 2008 	Nice Beds!	This hotel is in a great location for Pier 39 and access to other attractions!The hotel was warm and inviting, the staff were friendly and helpful.The room was of a good size and the bathroom was clean and spacious. The bed was so comfy, I didn't want to get out of it, the best bed I have slept in! The bar area is ok and the restaurant we didn't see. There is so mush to do in San Fran that we spent most of our time out of the room! But definitely a good place to pitch up for the night!	
Jan 14 2008 	No soul but good sized room	We stayed in the Sheraton for three nights before heading up to Lake Tahoe to ski. The staff were mixed in their helpfulness and attitude and it could be a little noisy at night. We found that the room we had was of a good size but that the bathroom was small. The bed was huge was I didn't like the fact that there was no cover on the duvet - just a top and bottom sheet. The location though was very central and we found some good places to eat. We also felt that the hotel had no character or soul although the refurb had made it look a little modern (with a distinct 70's feel).When you think of the Sheraton name you think of a top class hotel but this is not true of the one on Fisherman's Wharf. Should we visit San Francisco again, we shall stay somewhere else.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Hotel with Great Location	We stayed at this hotel for three nights (Jan 1-3, 08). First of all, it is a very nice hotel, especially for such an amazing price we got from Hotwire (less than $30/nt). The location is also great, just a block from Fisherman's Wharf where most activities happen. Another good thing is there is a Dollar rental car in the hotel, so it's very convinient in case you will need a car.For budget travelers, all services like food, internet, movie, and music seem to be pricy. We got a queen-bed room with a widescreen LCD TV (not many free cable channels, though), two side-bed table, a love-seat, and a large bathroom. The room is not small, but not large neither. There is nothing special about it, but everything is clean and they changed sheets every day.Overall, it's great hotel and I would recommend it for fellow travellers.	
Jan 13 2008 	Not What I Expected	We stayed here for 2 nights on our final leg back to Australia. There is refurbishing being done, but for a Sheraton(we stayed at Waikiki also) it was pretty ordinary.Definatly not up to the &quot;Sheraton&quot; calibre.Rooms were clean and tidy but very small, not much services, ie. no resteraunt, very flimsy Bar facilities, looks like they just set up shop here yesterday. Would seek elsewhere next time.	
Jan 13 2008 	awesome motel	I have read the reviews on this site and I am quite amazed how people could have a negative view about this motel?????Even now back in Australia my family still state that it was one of the best motels we stayed in on our 4 week travel around the USA and Canada.Great location has everything at your finger tips. Close to all the attractions that you want to visit. Staff are always friendly and helpful and no matter what time of day it is as soon as you are in the lobby they always yelled out a hello. Rooms were very spacious, we were only in a standard room and there were 4 of us it was large enough, but let's face it do you spend all day in your motel room??? no you are there only to sleep. Motel is very quite at all times of the day. If you are after a great meal go to IHOP across the road the food is always good and very low cost.Outside the Sheraton they have a great set up for you to sit out by the fire and have a drink or a smoke if you wish. If you are looking for a great motel in San Francisco take my advise DO NOT GO PAST THIS ONE.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great location older hotel	It's all really a matter of expectations. The hotel is in a great location, but it is an older hotel. I stayed in a standard room, which was nice (but not elegant), clean with an attempt at updating the decor.Pros:- Great location; close to pier 39, Starbucks and Trader Joe's also close.- Comfortable beds.- Nice LCD TVCons:- Sound proofing in walls was not that great.- Bathroom was very small.	
Jan 5 2008 	OK hotel but amazing location	Overall the hotel was just ok and there was construction going on when we were staying there, but the location was great. Just a 2 minute walk from all the major attractions of San Francisco, Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatraz, the aquarium, and lots of restaurants. The rooms were small but clean and comfortable. The hotel is definitely in need of some renovations, but overall it was a good stay.	
Jan 2 2008 	Very nice but some serious design flaws	Spent 5 nights at the Sheraton including New Years Eve. Booked on Priceline and got a very good rate at $85 per night. A good rate, especially for New Years.The Sheraton claims to have just been redone, and the room appeared to be very fresh and nice, with large flat screen TV and nice linen. The lobby is also fresh with a good lounge and comfortable spaces.The location is excellent, far closer to the wharf then I had expected, an easy 3 minute walk from all the action but far enouugh off that the hotel is very quite. Also, it is mid way between the wharf and pier 39 which makes it very convienient. The rooms run somewhat on the small side. In fact, we requested a roll away bed in our room with 2 full size beds and were told that the hotel does not have roll away beds anymore. The room would have had (barely) enough room for one but apparently it would have been a fire hazzard. OK - so the teenagers had to share a bed.The bathrooms was decent, but with one MAJOR mistake... the sink in outside the door to the room with the toilet and shower. For some reason, there is only one light switch that turns on the lights both over the sink and in the bathroom - thus if you want to shower or... at night while others are sleeping, you do so in the dark or wake everyone up. Not well thought out. Also of note in the bathroom, the toilet is very small - if you are of generous perportion, you know how uncomfortable this can be. Beware.The 3rd and final negative of this hotel was that the air conditioner/heater had not been replaced. In this day to not have a proper thermostat is annoying. The unit on our room required constant adjustment and turning on and off to regulate the temp. Overall, I considered this hotel a bargin for the price I got, but I would not have paid more or booked directly. I really liked the location but would probably try the Raddison right accross the street in the hopes that the issues above would not be repeated.P.S. If you are at Fishermans Wharf, try the &quot;Crab House&quot; for dinner.... really a fabulous meal!	
Dec 3 2007 	Very elegant	Very nice hotel in Fisherman's Wharf. Elegant furnishings, beautiful linens, wide quiet hallways with lovely carpets and nice elevators. Beautiful pool area. Altogether very quiet and exactly what we expect from Sheraton. Extremely professional staff. We've stayed across the street at the Radisson which is junky in comparison. The Sheraton is very comfortable and a tad upscale of the wharf hotels. For hotels at Fisherman's Wharf, the Sheraton is my second choice after The Tuscan Inn.	
Nov 28 2007	Great Location Nice Rooms	We were very happy with our 2 night stay at this hotel. It was in walking distance to Pier 39 (a block away). The hotel is undergoing a complete renovation. We were lucky enough to get a recently renovated room, it was very nicely done! The staff was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay at this hotel again and highly recommend to everyone.	
Nov 11 2007 	The "outside living room" was the best part of this hotel.....	Recently stayed here for business meetings. I am glad that most of therenovations are completed, cannot imagine what it was like prior to these occuring. I personally like the new decor, especially the outside firepit area. Spent time each evening meeting with friends fordrinks and socializing in this area. The staff were quite friendly forthe most part, the concierge very helpful with directions and reservations. The Dollar rent a car on site was also convenient. It isonly 1 block to walk to Fisherman's Wharf. During our meetings each day in the various break out rooms, we did experience quite a bit of construction noise, even though they did cut back on this during our meeting hours. You can also hear and feel the F-line trolley's passingby when you are using several of the meeting rooms. The hotel room walls are quite thin, you can definately hear what &quot;goes on&quot; on the room next door, hear the people walking in the room above as well. The air conditioning unit needs to be placed in a recycling yard, it does ruin the look of the room and is quite noisy. Also the toilet area of the bathroom is very tiny for those that are built a bit larger. Overall a pleasant stay, but as with the previous review, would not spend my own funds to be at this location.	
Nov 9 2007	New look but still needs work	I almost gave the title of this review something not-so-nice, but I decided to be as objective as I could so here it goes....The last time I stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf was 6 months ago on the company dime. During that time the hotel was in the middle of a renovation. It had the old man and the sea nautical theme and was going to be transformed to something more modern they told me. Fast forward to Nov and another business trip. One of the first things you see before you enter are the fire pits...very nice, very modern touches. As soon as you walk through the automatic doors you're left wondering what motif they were going for. I've labeled it modern, beachy hip. There are splashes of turquoise, browns, and shades of green everywhere along with circle and stripe patterned carpets. The hotel is still undergoing the final phase of renovation, though it looks like most of the work is done so I can't imagine it looking any different. Although design may seem to be a bit over the top, it is still much better than the old man and the sea feel it had months before. Now to the rooms. The beachy theme is carried into the room. The carpet patterns in the room are much better looking than those lining the hallways. They're less busy and less likely to have you cross eyed while staring at it. Beds were a little bouncy, though the pillows were comfortable. I didn't have any problem falling asleep each night.There were a few things I had issues with in the room:1. The lighting in the bathroom is horrible. The mirror has florescent lights recessed into the each side of the mirror going from top to bottom. This wouldn't be such a bad thing except that the sink has you at a distance that causes the lights to blind you.2. There are no towel racks, though there are towel hooks you can put your towels on. Very inefficient if you plan on using the towels again or hoping to dry them.3. My room had that door that connects to the next room if I happened to know the people next door we could join the two rooms, but I didn't know them and the space under the door was 2 inches wide. If you got down to the floor and looked under the the door you could see into the other room.4. Widescreen LCD TV. nice idea, but no HD programming to take advantage of the widescreen LCD. Those with LCD TVs know that these sets shine with HDTV, but when used to watch regular TV the image is even worse than an old tube TV. Hopefully, HD programming will be in the works, but I'm not holding my breath.5. Heater/AC unit. This was the biggest problem I had with the room. This unit is so loud that you have to crank up the volume on the TV. I overheard other customers making the same remarks. If you're a light sleeper I'd suggest not running this thing.To be fair there are good things:1. Room service - Room service was excellent. I never waited more than 20 mins before the food was in the room. At one point food was delivered in 10 mins!!!2. Breakfast was good and tasty. I didn't have a chance to try lunch or dinner, but I can tell you that the Southwestern omlette and all American breakfast are well-portioned and yummy. Of course, it's a bit pricey but that's how room service goes.3. Hotel staff is very courteous and helpful. They're all aware that the hotel is in a state of transition and they do try their best to make sure that you're happy. I did speak with the hotel manager and explained my issues with the room. He provided adequate compensation for my time there and for my next stay.Luckily, my visits are company subsidized so I don't feel too bad about the negatives. I've got a high tolerance for things, but it doesn't mean that I don't notice the problems. I will be staying here again in a few months since my company doesn't give me any option to stay at the other hotel down the street that sounds like Wyatt. I can only hope that the suites that are being built are better than the standard rooms. If not, I'll be speaking with the manager again and I'll probably be talking with my company to change hotel preferences.So there it is. There are more minuses than pluses, but I hope that'll change. If you're actually paying for this with your own money I CANNOT recommend this place at the moment for the above mentioned reasons. There are a few other hotels in the area that are at the same level (or better) and from what I hear they lack the problems that this one currently has.	
Oct 27 2007 	good first stop	Stayed here 2 years ago and found it to be a comfortable hotel in a good location not far from the touristy pier 39 ( but after all, that is exactly what we were!) Great for going to Alcatraz and all the other sights that are a must see. Decided to return this year and were happy with our choice. Refurbishment can be seen but not heard and we benefitted from a &quot;new&quot; room overlooking the lovely warm pool. There is some traffic noise but we did not find it disturbing. Too shattered probably! As you come out of the hotel and turn right there is an International House of Pancakes on the far corner of the street where you can get a breakfast that will set you up for the day for about $30 for 2 people including tip. The staff were so friendly and helpful, at the hotel and you can also hire your car here when you are ready to go on your trip,or next stop so avoiding the awful charges for parking in San Francisco. About $41 dollars a night this is a wise move! Turn left out of the front of the hotel and on the right you will see italian restaurant Pescatore which is good and no walking distance at all .The hoteldoes have its own restaurant and a bar.but we like to go out.	
Oct 22 2007 	Nice Hotel Great location	This hotel was very nice and a great location. Fisherman's Wharf is only a few blocks aways, as well as all the Alcatraz tours and the Trolleys. The rooms were large, and were always clean. The front desk staff were always happy to assist with recommendations for food and booze. It's a great place to stay on you next trip to SF.	
Oct 21 2007 	overall good value great service	My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights October 16 to 20th. Our first impression upon seeing the exterior (it is an older building) was oh-oh. But further examination showed that everything was freshly painted, unlike some of this hotel's competitors in the area. Outside there is a smokers area with nice outdoor furniture and outdoor fireplaces. As non smokers we just grabbed a seat and enjoyed the fireplace. Once inside, the lobby makes a good impression--new and bright colours, sort of 1950's Lucy and Ricky Ricardo meets Miami Vice (my wife calls it mid-century modern). Just off the lobby is the restaurant/bar area, and the only beef here is that the lights can't be dimmed a bit at night. Hotel staff stated this was being worked on, and that the lights would be dimmed at night in the near future. The part of the hotel being rennovated is visible down the hallway, and if earlier reviewers stayed in this area (presumably with rooms to match) they were probably disappointed. The new rooms were bright and cheerful, with all new cabinetry/couches/lighting and all matching the lobby decor. The bathrooms were updated with stone counter tops and new sinks/cabinets, and the tub area was retiled in modern looking colours. The area around the tub/toilet was a bit small, but overall it was usable. The bed was very comfortable. On two occasions we could here people laughing and partying in the outdoor entrance/concourse area at around 11:00 pm, and a quick call got response from the staff. Overall, we found the staff helpful and friendly.There are numerous other hotels in this Fisherman's Wharf area, and all appeared to have been built in the same time period, I'm guessing the late 60's early 70's, and all were low-rise 3 or 4 story structures. Some have been updated, and some not from our observations and conversations with other travellers. With that in mind, this hotel would probably rate higher than mid-pack in interior finishing, and at least mid-pack or higher in value. The outdoor swimming pool was warm enough for a night swim, even though the weather was cool. The pool area was neat and clean. The gym area was average with a useable universal machine and about six pieces of cardio equipment.	
Oct 19 2007 	Great Location 	I stayed at and attended a conference at the Sheraton over Columbus Day weekend. I knew that there were some renovations being done prior to my arrival, but I was shocked to find out that the lobby and my room had already been renovated! If you like blindingly bright white light and minimalist 70's era decor, you will love this place. The location is GREAT and the staff was friendly &amp; accomodating. The pillows were scrumptious. I had food there at 2 different luncheons and it was fine. There is not a bar per se and I thought that was a little odd for a Sheraton. A colleague at the conference was staying in the Presidential Suite. I got to see what an unrenovated room looked like...wow..this place was WAY overdue for some updating. I think the Sheraton should definitely fire their decorator. There is nothing upscale or classy about this place.	
Oct 9 2007	Pleasant stay	My 2-night stay here was best characterized as very pleasant. Booked very late and found out it was Fleet Week, so the rate on Priceline was pretty good especially given the probable lack of availability for this type of hotel.Arrived about 9 a.m. and we were given a room immediately! We were placed in one of the unrenovated rooms on the 2nd floor. The room decor was a bit dated but was surprisingly unworn, and was very clean and comfortable. Everything was in good repair. They may have been renovating above us, as we heard much thumping and banging during the afternoon of the 1st day. Sheraton &quot;Sweet Sleeper&quot; beds were very comfortable, and the housekeeping staff left lots of extra bath amenities on the 2nd day.The remodel of this hotel is nice and modern, with lots of bright color inside, and with firepits and seating areas outside in the main courtyard. Used the heated pool, which was refreshing and clean. I used the fitness center, which was small but adequate, with bottled water which was an unexpected plus.The staff were very friendly, especially the concierge desk.Overall, a very pleasant and relaxing stay.	
Sep 24 2007 	Just OK	We booked the Sheraton at Fisherman's Wharf because of the location, as well as our Membership to their chain of hotels. The room we had was on the street level with a 'view of the pool.' The view was of the street &amp; fence mostly, quite stifiling. There was a pool to the far right of our room beyond a fence, which surrounded our patio. Another fence was beyond our enclave to the street, which was just a few feet from our enclosed dirty, debris filled patio. Bird feathers and a huge rubber gutter cluttered up our cramped 3x4 fenced in patio, with the obscured view of the pool. Street noise was abundant with the huge tourist buses &amp; their fumes which greeted us every morning. Hence, we could not leave the sliding glass door open for air. The room had limited storage, an armoire with hanging area and just 3 drawers. Rooms are adequate and clean. The location is convenient to The Wharf and ground transportation. We were warmly greeted upon entering and leaving.	
Sep 22 2007 	Nice Hotel - Great Location - will stay again	I was pleasantly surprised after reading the bad reviews. I just returned after staying there Sept 15-19. When you walk into the hotel - there is a concierge desk with people to greet you on your right - but the front desk is easily to see from the front door on your left. They have renovated their bar area and added a courtyard outside with large lounging chairs and firepits with a glass around the area to keep the wind out. The inside bar has nice tall bistro tables for evening cocktails. The new renovated rooms are very nice with a large plasma tv and very comfortable large king bed. The hotel is older but the renovations they have made are a plus+. The showers have good water pressure and the maid service was great. I believe a few who wrote bad reviews regarding maid service never read the cards that are left on in your room at check-in. They state to please leave this card on the bed each day if you want your linens changed on the bed. Also, if you throw your towels on the floor they will be replaced with fresh ones. If they are hanging on the wall or door - those towels will not be replaced. The hotel is in walking distance to many sites - pier 41/pier 39. Breakfast places within a block IHOP and Dennys. Lots of shopping for gifts and in walking distance to both cable cars Powell &amp; Market and Hyde St &amp; Powell. Bought the 3-day Muni pass which gave us unlimited rides for the cable cars, streetcars, bus system. Great restaurants and sightseeing such as Alcatraz. This is a must and you can walk to Pier 33 if you so desire. Graylines did a fantastic job on the Wine Country Tour. Book your Alcatraz tickets early if you actually want to go on the island and walk through the cells. There are many companies that will take you by - meaning they sail around it and do not stop. You really need to take the Alcatraz Cruises that take you by ferry over. It's about a 2-21/2 hour tour. Well worth it too. Back to the Sheraton - we had a room by the street. No problem with noise as mentioned. Air condition work great. I checked out the hotels in Union Square and the business district. I was not that impressed in their locations. I did not like the high rise, with lots of traffic and noise and the only shopping I saw was what I could go to any mall and pay less than the prices they had in their stores. So I feel I made a wise choice staying where I did and when I return I will stay with the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf.	
Sep 10 2007	if you love cockroaches - stay here	Blech. We stayed here in August and on the last morning, I discovered a cockroach doing the backstroke in my wineglass which was on the bedside table from the night before.The manager seems apologetic and offered to comp our foodbill of $60, which was the only charge we incurred as I had booked with SPG points. However, I see on my AmEx bill that they only comped us $20, and charged us the remainder for some inexplicable reason.That issue, coupled with the apparent tap dancing family residing above us (I swear they were running around in their room from 7am to 1am every night we were there), made for a terrible experience. My usually unflappable 10 year old insisted that we never stay at a Sheraton property again. I would have to agree.	
Sep 8 2007 	Should be knocked down not renovated!	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Sheraton last night 07/09/2007 after ariving a day early to San Francisco and the hotel we had already booked for the day after having no rooms available (Radisson). I have the following to say about The Sheraton;1. We arrived and stood for quite a while at what we learnt several minutes later was the concierge desk (no sign) this was the first desk you come across when walking into the hotel and looks very much like a reception desk. The man at the concierge desk was serving another person but spoke to us when we had been standing there for 5 minutes to say 'if you have any easy question while I am dealing with this lady please ask', we asked about available rooms and was directed to the reception desk which is hidden behind some paneling. 2. Reception staff were reasonably polite but decided to write down the cost of our room ($180.00) plus parking ($41.00 a day!!!) I thought this was a bit odd but went ahead and booked the room. I would like to add that all the other hotels in the area were fully booked so we didnt have an option not to book the room.3. Corridors leading to room were very, very tired. The wallpaper looked as though it had been put up in the early 90's and the carpets had seen better days. 4. Our room was clean, but small and we had a horrible view of the bus depot! The bathroom was very odd, it had the sink in a small anti room (the only way I can think of describing it) with an area on the other side of the open doorway for making coffee. The actual bathroom did have a door to it and the bathroom was just about big enough to open the door into. The bathroom was clean but very tired (the tiles around the bath area looked very,very old) and the bath fittings were very dated (shower was a pain to turn on and off). The air conditioning unit was huge and jutted out into the room quite a way, it was also very noisy. Our room looked as though it had been refurbished but the bathroom had been forgotten about.I wouldnt recommend this hotel to anyone as its expensive and very dated. (The hotel is being refurbished at present) However, the bathrooms are not going to be. I truly belive they should knock the whole thing down and start again as the bathrooms are THE ODDEST I have ever seen in a big hotel chain.	
Sep 1 2007 	Afraid to Stay Here After Making Reservation on the Internet	I have to write a review now prior to actually staying here because making a reservation at this hotel was such a bad experience and a possible hint of bad things to come. I made a reservation over the internet and was instructed called the hotel to confirm the two beds and non-smoking. The reservationist was about as rude as I've ever encourntered. She treated me like some sort of inferior species. The hotel accepted my reservation, so why treat me like pond scum? I wanted to confirm that our room was non-smoking since I have lung disease and my husband has asthma (he is also a long standing starwood resorts platinum member). Most hotels are entirely non-smoking these days like Marriott. She snapped at me that since I didn't book the room through her she would promise nothing. I assume she would have charged me more? So, while her competition (Hyatt which is also a Starwood resort member) is pleasant when I call them on this issue, this Sheraton thinks being rude is the road to greatness? So, she is willing to make us sick to be right? I also wanted to confirm two beds. Again, she snapped at me that I would not get that, since she did not book the room!!! Sorry!!! Maybe her home phone should be on their website? She wanted me to feel like some type of a criminal, yet they don't give good rates all the time to conventions? Also, how many people this summer expected a full service hotel and got a partial service hotel that did not have half of their advertised amenities available due to renovations?: Many reviews question their 4 star rating. I am also staying over a time that is a slow time for them, so they will have empty rooms. I dread checking in there, but I have no way to get my money back. Even though I am a sub species, they still like my money and don't want to part with it! This is not the way a Sheraton should treat a guest!	
Jul 30 2007 	Good location friendly staff but that is about it	The hotel was clean but very tired looking. One can only hope the renovations will be a vast improvement. Location was good -- obviously very convenient to the wharf but also a pleasant walk to North Beach. unremarkable in all other respects. Certainly not on par with our other experiences with Sheratons in NYC and Philadelphia.	
Jul 29 2007 	Not a bad hotel at all	When I got this hotel on Priceline, I was worried based on some of the reviews. I was prepared to write a scathing review! Upon arrival, however, I was pleasantly supprised. The room was huge, spic &amp; span, with little or no road noise, and the bed was comfy. It's true the tub and toilet are in a small separate room, and that the A/C was somewhat noisy, but not overly so. They are renovating the hotel right now, so none of the public areas are open. Since I am rarely in the room, it's OK with me! They had cookies and coffee for free in the afternoon, and everyone on staff was friendly. I agree that this is definately NOT a 4 star hotel. The worst thing I can say about it is that they charge $10 a day for WIFI!	
Jul 26 2007 	Fantastic location	We stayed at this hotel from 23rd June for 6 nights and myself and my husband were, overall, very happy with it. There were renovations ongoing which meant the usual bar was not open, however there was still a bar and restaurant service available. The staff at this hotel were great, we had a problem while we were there and the staff could not have been better in helping us (particularly a man on the fron desk whose name, I think, was David). The location is definitely the biggest plus for the hotel - you have Pier 39 practically on your doorstep, Little Italy only a few blocks away, The Cannery, the cable cars and Ghiradelli Square a short walk etc. overall, we had a postive experience at this hotel and would stay again.	
Jul 23 2007 	Great place to stay	We wanted to be on Fisherman's Wharf and my travel agent booked the Sheraton. This location was excellent and the staff was exceptional! We felt pampered but didn't pay all that much. The beds were super comfortable, big, fluffy pillows and very clean. I highly recommend this place!	
Jul 22 2007 	The worst hotel ever	This has to be the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. On entering the lifts to go to the third floor there was a horrible smell in them. On entering our room there was also a damp smell which you couldn't get rid of. The room was decorated in 1970's style and although clean was very dated and very smelly. The hotel is currently getting refurbished and therefore many of the facilites are unavailable, such as bar, restaurant and swimming pool. Whilst we were there you could use the swimming pool but there was debris floating in it which made it less than appealing. There is a small eating area set up but we didn't use it as there was a large screen TV playing and did not want this whilst eating a meal. The two ladies I encountered on reception were extremely unfriendly, verging on being rude. The was a very helpful gentleman on reception. Guests are charged $41 plus tax which totals $46 to park your car in the car park which I think is very expensive for hotel guests bearing in mind that the hotel is certainly not superior. The only positive thing about this hotel is its location as it's only 2 blocks away from Pier 39 but don't feel this makes up for this very tired, dated and overall unfriendly hotel.	
Jul 5 2007 	Not the Nicest Sheraton	My wife and I recently stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman’s Wharf for four nights. It was a last minute trip and so we did not do much shopping around for hotels. The rate that we received at [--] was good for San Francisco. However, the rate of $156 per night should have raised some red flags. The Sheraton Fisherman’s Wharf is a category 4 hotel and so I wrongly assumed that it was along the lines of similar category 4 hotels that I have stayed at in San Francisco, such as the Palace Hotel.The hotel quality did not live up to the Sheraton name. The service was good as one would expect from a Sheraton and the location was excellent. The hotel is only two blocks from Pier 39, five blocks from Columbus Avenue in North Beach, and within walking distance to the Embarcadero.If you need to rent a car in San Francisco, it would be my suggestion to rent the car from Dollar, which is located in the hotel, by the day. Parking at the hotel is extremely expensive. My wife and I rented a car twice from the location at about $35 per day and we did not have to pay the overnight parking fee at the hotel.The downside to the hotel is that it is in need of significant renovations. I am a Starwood Gold Member and so we stayed on the Club Level. Assuming that these are the nicest rooms, I can only imagine the work that needs to be done in the other rooms. The room was &quot;clean&quot;, but there was a mildew odor that could not be removed regardless how much spraying they did. The wallpaper was discolored and pealing in some areas. The closet and dresser were falling apart and the furniture was stained and dated. The blinds were stained a gold and brown color that comes with age and were also falling apart. It was obvious from the outside that our room was not the only room with this problem. The rate is what brought us to this hotel, but the rate probably will not bring us back to this hotel.	
May 30 2007 	terrible public relations	hotel double billed us, have been trying over 1 week to have money reinbursed back to account without success.Dont think there is any communication between workers there.No apology given or anything. Construction going on in hotel and moved our room after only 1 night. Dirty trays sat in hallway for over a day.Not real happy with our stay there.	
May 29 2007 	Good for Starwood Points people otherwise...	We stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf for one night during the Memorial Day weekend. We booked it using points, so from our &quot;value&quot; perspective, this Sheraton was &quot;worth&quot; it. However, there are clear caveats that we would like to pass on to other travelers:1.) If you are a Starwood Points person and plan to either earn or use points at a hotel that is conveniently located to many of San Francisco's main tourist attractions (i.e., Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, Ghiradelli Square, Cable Cars, etc.), then you absolutely cannot go wrong with this hotel. Everything listed above is within easy walking distance. Even North Beach, Chinatown, and the crooked part of Lombard Street are walkable from the hotel (if you don't mind walking uphill a little). The hotel itself is older, but clean, and the room that that we stayed in was on par with other Sheratons that we have stayed at.2.) If you are NOT a Starwood Points person, then there are some key detractions that you will want to be aware of before booking:- As other reviewers have stated, this hotel is currently under renovation and the construction work is clearly visable. Several entrances/exits are closed off so you can only enter the hotel from a few directions. Some parts of the hotel look very new and nice while others still look very old and dated.- While the hotel is conveniently located near Fisherman's Wharf, etc., it doesn't have much of a view of anything. You pretty much see the buildings immediately next to you and they are not much to write home about.- Parking at this hotel is extremely expensive. While I cannot compare with parking rates at other hotels within SF, I have to say the daily parking rate of $41 definitely caught us offguard. The front desk explained that this was the &quot;best deal around&quot; because this price gave us full &quot;in and out&quot; privelages, while other &quot;cheaper&quot; parking lots would make us pay each time we drove out. In hindsight, we should have just parked at the bargain lot because we never drove our car anywhere until we checked out. Obviously, if you don't have a car, this is a non-issue.Some other random points:- The front desk staff were very friendly.- There is a small outdoor pool. Considering that SF has a reputation for being cold, even in the summertime, I'm not sure if/when the pool would ever be used. (It was in the 60s when we were there, but with the wind it felt colder.) Of course, when I made that comment to someone else at the hotel, 3 kids preceded to run out to the pool, jump in, and have a grand old time... so who am I to judge?	
May 19 2007 	Avoid.	Not a bad location, could have been better though, the hotel is two blocks from the front and has no view , because the building is on flat ground, and it's the same height as surrounding hotels. We were unfortunate enough to be put in a room facing toward the bay, and the local tram service which runs from the early hours, passed directly beneath our window.Cable car turntables are a short walk away.Very small Pool, and not indoor, either.For a four star hotel, the rooms were basic, but overall clean and tidy, telephone that didn't work properly, Air Con with broken controller dial, cable television, inernet through T.V., I've stayed in better four star hotels.Staff were friendly, concierge desk was extremely helpful.Not very good value for money,I will definately stay somewhere else next time.	
Apr 17 2007 	Good Choice Nice Place...	We were on a family road trip in the SF area and had just left a terrible Motel 6 in Fairfield. We didn't pre-plan or reserve anything in SF so we were actually just looking for a reasonably priced, comfortable hotel with a good location and found the Sheraton.We were happy with the rate ($150 plus $40 parking) and the room was much nicer that what we had just stayed in so we were thrilled. The hotel itself was very nice and we had great service but I think its biggest asset is the location. Very close to the wharf and walking distance to the pier, restaurants, trolley, etc....Had a very nice stay and would recommend it.	
Apr 9 2007	go somewhere else	Book online if from uk as travel agents charge per person not per room like the americans do .can get great hotels for less money won't be ripped off again. needs upgrading not a high hotel but wide the corridors were long rooms ok but no extras no bar no safe but deposit boxes in reception dining forget it!! no need to dine at hotel places for breakfasts every which way you turn.won't stay there again.	
Mar 22 2007 	Dated Dirty and Terrible Service	This hotel was very dated, they are under a renovation, but looks like they have sunk their whole budget into the lobby area. Upstairs &quot;club room&quot; floor is worse than a dormitory in college and the rooms were filthy and poorly lit. To make matters worse customer service is lacking and the only thing good about this hotel is checking out. Do not stay here. Stay in Union Square and take a cab to the Wharf, it will be well worth your $10 for a cab. If you are thinking of this as a Sheraton property, think again - it's independenlty owned	
Mar 19 2007 	Good value but fairly basic for Sheraton	Good value for area...room with two double beds for 104 +tax. Hotel well located in Fisherman's Wharf area. Close to Cablecar stop.Beware of parking, over forty dollars per night Valet at hotel with no in/out privileges. Parked across the street for 20$ per night in parkade.If one of the reasons to choose this hotel is the fitness area, skip it. It is comprised of a few machines in a dimly lit room for which you have to go outside of the hotel.	
Mar 9 2007	BEWARE of San Francisco and hotels like the Sheraton	First let me start with my reservation or supposed reservation for a king room at the Sheraton, we booked our reservation a week before thru Hotels .com, printed out our confirmation and thought we were all set . We arrived on Monday evening after a long cramped flight on Continental Airlines to the Sheraton, we were told they only had a room with 2 double beds, not a King like we booked and they could not do anything about it, they told us we booked thru a third party ( Hotels.com) and even though we had confirmation , it didn't mean anything, but they would have a King available on Thursday though, yeah the day we were leaving alot of good that would do. After going to our room , I called Hotels.com, they said it was on their website that they dont guarantee the room that you request or pay for and the Sheraton could not guarantee a room either ( Both are Scammers) We were told parking was $39 a day, There was no complimentary coffee in the Lobby( another way to try and force you to buy in their own Bar &amp; Grill, there is no complimentary anything at this hotel, I dont mind paying for what I get but I dont like to be nickeled and dimed to death either. Like other reviews stated the bathrooms are too small. I had stayed at this hotel several years ago and it was not like this, this tells me people and businesses change ( In this case not for the better but worse) In closing I would suggest all tourist to find another vacation spot until San Francisco gets their act together and reduces their prices along with removing some cost all together . Tourist Beware take the advice and vacation somewhere else, Don't get robbed in San Francisco	
Mar 9 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	This hotel is in a great location. Two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. We were able to walk everywhere from this location. The bathroom is like everybody says - you have the tub and toilet in a little room with the vanity outside - but we didn't care. The bed was great - slept pretty good. One problem we had is the people in the room next to us were smoking as we were in a non-smoking area. It was actually making me ill - we told the front desk and they sent up security. They must have taken care of it because I never smelled it again. We really enjoyed ourselves.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great Location	Stayed over New Year's Eve with other friends. VERY convenient location. Just blocks from the water. Would be a great spot for tourists to stay. Clean rooms, but a little on the small size. Bathrooms are bit small as well. It's one of those where the vanity is in the little closet sized space between the entry door and the shower/toilet bathroom. It's a little on the tight side. I would've expected a little more for a Sheraton - but they can be hit-or-miss sometimes.Lobby is nice. Staff is friendly. Convenient to not only all the SF tourist areas in the Wharf, but there is also a Safeway conveniently located across the street, which is always nice for extended stays.Not a big fan of Valet only parking, and the parking prices are pretty steep, even as a guest - but I guess it's like that everywhere in San Francsico anyway.	
Feb 22 2007 	Pass on this place. You'll be glad you did.	I’ve never written a review before, but this hotel is bad enough that I’ll take the time. $279/night for the room + $38/night for parking? I don't think so. Fortunately, we got it for MUCH cheaper off Hotwire, but even then it was almost on par with a Super8 I've stayed at. Problem #1. The Room. I am a non-smoker, but will take a smoking room if that's all that's available because I've NEVER had the smell in the curtains/carpet/furniture bother me in the slightest - this place was ridiculous. The hallway smelled like the morning after a frat-party; stale beer and cigarette smoke. The room itself wasn't quite as bad (no beer smell), but the cigarette smell was cloying. It even was enough that my ex-smoker boyfriend mentioned it a few times. This was the worst I'd ever smelled. I have to wonder if they've EVER opened a window. Also, the bathroom candid photos you see on THIS site are dead on. TINY, dark little closets of bathrooms. Problem #2: The Concierge. They tried to get us to go to a timeshare sales pitch!!! Unreal! I just told you I'm in town for only two days, and you want me to go spend my afternoon getting the hard sell for a time share? Also, the restaurant recommendations were totally sub par - don't take their word for anything. Problem #3. I asked the reservations desk if they knew what the parking restrictions were for the metered parking on the street (we read the meters and walked up and down both sides and didn't see a single sign that explained when it was enforced). He responded very clearly that it was monitored 7AM to 7PM Monday through Friday. Since it was already after midnight on Saturday, we left the car at the meter and went on our merry way. Sunday afternoon we came back to a $40 parking ticket. The sad part is that it ended up being cheaper to get the parking ticket than to pay what the Sheraton wanted to charge me. I will NEVER stay there again, you shouldn't either.	
Feb 3 2007	Too much money for too little	Overated hotel and once again the web photos do not paint the real picture. We paid £100 ($200) per night for our 5 night stay for poor accomodation. Our room was on the 4th (top) floor and was cold and damp feeling when we arrived. The a/c was noisy and the velux type window opened out on the turn of a handle revealing the noise from bell ringing tram cars, oversized environmentally damaging polluting cars, and the loudest car radios on planet earth!The bathroom was very small and very cold, and remained so throughout our stay. The beds were however very comfortable and we had ample bedding for the cold nights in early February.The hotel staff were friendly enough and extremely helpful even to the point of offering a room change on account of noisy neighbours!Not much more to add except that Sheriton is normally much, much better than this!	
Jan 21 2007	Great location good price	I stayed for two nights as a weekend away with my daughter. Room rate was $189. Total price with taxes was $215. That didn't include another $16/day for wireless internet access. I wasn't thrilled about paying that much for something that could just as easily be included in the room rate I was already paying.The room was nice - very typical of a Sheraton. It is a low building (3 storeys max?), so you're always near the ground, but we were on the 2nd floor and I don't remember any street noise.The location is only a couple easy blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39 - a couple more to the Alcatraz ferry. It is close enough to public transit to get just about anywhere. There is so much to do in SF, we could easily have been there a week.My only complaint was that the outdoor pool doesn't have a hot tub/whirlpool, which would have been nice in November. The staff were friendly and helpful (e.g., arranging airport transfer).I would stay there again, although I could be tempted by an equivalent property with a better pool set-up.	
Jan 17 2007 	The Only Choice For Pier 39 Or Fisherman's Warf	Second visit to Fisherman's Warf and this is now the ONLY hotel we will stay at. PROS: Easy access to spacious 3rd floor room. Situated CLOSE to EVERYTHING. Great value for price. VERY SECURE environment. Friendly and informed staff. DO NOT take a TAXI from or to SFO Airport. Instead book a Town Car &amp; Driver for $50, save $10 after tip and ride in comfort. Available through Bellman. CONS:Restaurant like every other hotel eating establishment is WAY over priced. No need to eat in Hotel - we didn't -everything from the best seafood within a five minute walk to having an iHop across the street. There were NO OTHER cons.We have stayed at a lot of Hotels and this one is a safe bet.	
Jan 9 2007 	Great Location but accomodation could be better	We stayed here during the first week of January. This hotel is perfectly situated, right on Fishermans wharf beside lots of restuarants and bars, all of the ones we had experience of were great, also Harris Steak House in pacific Heights is fantastic!As for the actual accomodation at this hotel, it is getting very dated and shabby. The room was of ample size and was clean but does need updated. The hot water in our room was not working when we checked in and we reported this 3 times over the next 2 days and still had to ring again to have it repaired, so this to me was bad customer service and annoyed us. This hotel is about a 2 Star, although the Compass Grill and bar in the Hotel are great and we had a lovely meal and drinks there. Stay here if you want to be well located but do not be expecting a 3star as it is not. When you are in San francisco must do's are the Alcatraz trip and the open top bus tour of the city, and a meal in Harris steak house and a pair of gloves and scarf in the winter!	
Jan 7 2007 	$39.00 plus tax for parking is outrageous	The hotel staff was very helpful, the rooms, clean and the prices at the hotel restaurant were reasonable for a hotel restaurant. The price for parking, however, was outrageous. It cost us more to park ($39.00 plus tax) than we paid for our rental car. The cost for parking whether you used valet or parked the car yourself was the same. When we complained on the way out to a member of the staff, his response was that in New York City it is way more, but we were not in New York City.If you want to be near Fisherman's Wharf, the location was ideal.	
Dec 14 2006 	Good Tourist Hotel - Not a Luxury Hotel	I booked this hotel via Priceline for a four night stay in mid-December. After reading the reviews, I was a bit concerned, but in the end had no problems and enjoyed my stay. True, the hotel is not a luxury hotel (and not a four star, although it Priceline considers it as such), but I appreciated the amenities (the concierge is on-site from 7am to 10pm every day!) and the staff was very accommodating when I asked for a non-smoking room above the first floor. My room (a corner room on the third floor) was very clean and quiet (I live in a large city, so the street noise was comparatively low for me), the bed was quite comfortable, and I did not notice any off smells. Overall, I was pleased with the location of the hotel. There is a Trader Joes one block away and a supermarket across the street. I did not have a car, and was glad because the fee for on-site parking is outrageous. Instead, I purchased a three-day Muni pass for $18 and used the nearby Powell-Hyde cable car line and F line to get around town. I did not eat at the hotel restaurant, as there are several other options nearby, including Mama’s, a great breakfast and lunch place on Washington Square (only a few blocks away, within walking distance).This also appears to be a hotel that attracts a lot of groups, but I was never bothered by noise or crowds above the lobby level.Originally, I hoped to secure a hotel in the Embarcadero area, but in the end was glad I ended up in Fisherman’s Wharf. Although the area is a bit touristier, there seem to be more services and more activity on the streets later at night there.	
Dec 12 2006 	Mediocrity at its finest	The location of this hotel is good, depending on your interests. It is close to the cheesiest tourist traps in San Francisco, but it is also walking distance to lovely places like the Marina and North Beach. The Market St street car winds down Embarcadero to Market St with easy access to Union Sq and Castro St. Don't miss the Farmer's Market in the Ferry Building at Embarcadero &amp; Market.The hotel has an upscale lobby but the hallways are badly in need of refurbishing, with stained carpets and a smell of industrial-strength cleaners. The mixed reviews may reflect the variability in the rooms. If you get stuck in one of the many rooms that face the noisy street or air conditioners, it would not be a happy experience. We insisted on a 3rd floor room that had a decent street view. It had an air of thead worn, faded style. The furniture was worn and dirty in spots.We could hear the people above us as they walked across the creaky floor. The original construction was shoddy and now signs of wear are everywhere. The bed left me with a back ache. The linens were nice quality though the bed spreads showed stains that hadn't come out in the laundry.Except for a check-in clerk, the staff were lovely - friendly, kind and helpful.We were able to pick up a free wireless internet signal from an adjacent hotel - the signal quality was &quot;excellent' so if you have wi-fi, don't pay for the hotel internet. You can avoid the exorbitant local parking fees by renting a car in the lobby by the day. You can drop it off in their stalls in the hotel parking lot. Just do a new rental each day.All in all, this hotel is OK if you insist on a good but don't stay here if you expect luxury or local charm.	
Dec 10 2006 	Not as bad as reviews suggest	I have recently returned from a four night stay at this hotel and I was very nervous of what to expect after reading reviews on this site. I am pleased to say that my stay was most most enjoyable and the comments I read here unfounded.We had a room on the 4th floor which was comfortable and clean. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The decor was again clean without being flash and pretentious.I would agree that the bathrooms are pretty small, but who spends long on holiday in their bathroom !!.The location is good being right on Fishermans Wharf but not in middle enough to be noisy.Don't be put off by staying here by reviews you may read here, I think some people must have very high expectations!!!!!	
Dec 8 2006 	Stinky Room!	THis was NOT a 3 star hotel at all. It wasn't like any Sheraton I'd ever seen. It was more like arun down Holiday Inn. The room smelled and the hallways were like a cheap hotel. It was just bad! Do not stay here!	
Dec 7 2006 	Great start to our California trip	My wife and I spent the first four nights of a three week trip round Central California at the Sheraton, partly to take advantage of a 4 nights for the price of 3 deal. We were delighted with our room, which was clean, well equipped and quiet, despite looking onto the air-conditioning. All staff were friendly and helpful.The Sheraton was well located, within a block or two of Fisherman's Wharf, and it's fabulous views, the cable car system and a tour company, whose services we used to tour SF and visit Muir Woods and Sausolito.It was also within easy walking distance of North Beach with it's fine restaurants and Rogue Brewery's excellent pub.	
Dec 3 2006 	Bad Hotel	The room smelled like mildew and smoke. The window in the room did not close all the way creating a draft. The bathroom was small and there were no washclothes provided in the shower.When I arrived, I was told the parking was $13 per night; when I got the bill, the price had changed to $39 a night WITH a $5.00 &quot;parking tax.&quot; I had to pay $44 for parking when the lot right across the street was charging $28 a day. This hotel and its staff are second rate. Do yourself a favor and book a room somewhere else. After this experience I think sleeping next to the homless guy in the cardboard box on Pier 39 would be better than the Sheraton in San Francisco at Fisherman's Wharf.	
Dec 1 2006 	All-around OK	We stayed in a Club level room with our months-old child. They put us at the end of a hallway, which was great, and the crib was fine. Beds are comfortable and the meeting areas are nice. Pillows aren't great- a bit firm and flat. We liked the continental breakfast included with Club rooms and the evening food at Club level was enough that we skipped dinner one night out of three. The fresh fruit and veggies were the best, and the meatballs were good too. As mentioned by others, the hotel is definitely in need of an update. Our room looked out to the bay bridge. The window shade was stained and the wallpaper looked bad. We even had a little black mold in one corner of the bathroom. The bathroom door can't be closed without stepping out of the way first, so it's a tight fit. The staff was helpful when we needed it. I thought the charge for wireless Internet was too much at $14.95/day when we were already paying nearly $200/night.We took the Super Shuttle from the airport to avoid renting a car and paying for parking and would do that again.	
Nov 26 2006 	Not a great hotel but location was good	This is probably the worst Sheraton that I have seen. The rooms were small - we had a room at street level - there were people walking by talking and laughing all hours of the night. We had previously stayed at a Sheraton in Union Square which we found to be excellent - newer and cleaner rooms.The room was average in cleanliness. The bathroom light in the shower area did not work so we showered in darkness.The hotel is old and in need of an update. The beds were of average comfort. The conceirge service was excellent!! We used them to book airport transfers and a wine country tour. Dollar rent-a-car is on property so you can rent a car all day (starting at $29) and return it each night instead of paying the $40 parking fee that the hotel charges. There is a drop box so you can return after hours. The location is great. We were a block from Fisherman's Wharf and about a 5 minute walk from North Beah.	
Nov 22 2006	Bad news hotel	My stay at the Sheraton Hotel Fishermans Wharf San Fransisco was far from satisfactory, dirty and shabby decor, 2 rooms booked and both were charged for items not used I.E bottled drinking water &amp; film rental. Also very high parking charges of 45 dollars a night and city tours booked by hotel very poor value for money with local transport far better value.	
Oct 28 2006 	Not worth the price.	This hotel may have a great location but the rooms are extremely old and dirty. The staff is helpful, but this really didn't help the situation. The moment you walk into the room you feel and smell the dust and dirt. You will not feel secure on the first floor. Groups are constantly gathering directly outside of your window. If you must go to this hotel request a room on the second floor or higher. Our shower wasn't draining and maintenance was extremely quick in coming to fix the issue.I am assuming that amenities alone make this hotel a &quot;3 1/2 star&quot; because if cleanliness was taken into account it would probably be around a 2 star.I would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 25 2006 	great room near the waterfront	decided to spend a weekend in san francisco so we booked a room at the sheraton fishermans wharf, it is a very nice property located within walking distance to the waterfront and cable car stops. the room was very large and the bed was excellent, great linens and very comfortable to sleep in. we booked on priceline and got a very good rate so all in all a very postive experience. one warning though valet parking is very expensive $45 a day, there is a parking garage across the street, i would suggest using that and paying half as much as the valet service.	
Oct 21 2006 	Great location comfortable room	A nice find in the touristy Fisherman's Wharf area. The hotel was hosting conferences and was very busy during our October stay. The lobby was always busy with waiting lines for the front desk, concierge and bell man. Service was average for a large property like this. We arrived well before check-in time at 10:40 AM and without asking if we could check-in (we were just hoping to store bags) we were assigned a nice courtyard room. One of the few in the hotel with a small balcony. The room was a decent size, and the smaller bathroom as noted in other comments was clean and functional. The bedding was excellent and furnishings were in good condition. The internet was a challenge expiring at noon but that warning does appear before you commit to purchasing it. Simply purchase it after noon and you've got all day and night to use it. Sent clothes out for laundering and they were returned as promised the next day. Avoided the parking prices by not renting a car (Hertz is just a few blocks away) until departing. All hotels in the area appeared to be charging between $35-$40/ night. Went to the IHOP across the street for breakfast but the hotel buffet at $16.95 person is far superior. It costs a bit more but the selection was endless. Housekeeping was efficient and the daily cleaning made us feel we were checking in to our room for the first time each day we returned. All in all a great place to stay in an area close to many attractions, cable cars and ferries. We did by the three day MUNI pass for $15. You can ride cable cars, buses and street cars with the pass and it saved us a fortune in taxis. We overheard from staff working in the halls that they are preparing for a $20 million dollar renovation. I don't think it is needed but I would gladly return to this hotel provided they were not undergoig renovations.	
Oct 8 2006 	Suprisingly OK!	I think after looking at some of the reviews on here they are a bit harsh! The hotel was a lot better than we were expecting and was in a great location! Easy access to everywhere! Enjoyed our stay!	
Oct 6 2006 	A business hotel - not tourist friendly	This was my first trip to San Francisco and whilst the city was amazing the best thing about this hotel was its location.The rooms were very basic not even a fridge available. Parking at the hotel was a crazy $39 per night. Staff were as unhelpful as they could be begrudging any assistance required. There were no laundry facilities so had to search San Francisco for a laundrette. The business centre was never open to get internet acess.This hotel seemed to be full of business travellers and was clearly set up for that market, so why do Virgin Holidays offer it to tourists within their packages?	
Sep 27 2006 	Nasty !!!!	On our reservations it clearly stated that we were honeymooners, but when we arrived we were given what must be their worst room - at the ground floor at the back with a view of the parking lot and very noisy due to cars passing by all the time. The room itself was claustrophobic and really ugly. The furniture, the bathroom and general outlook were just ugly. As we stayed in other Sheraton hotels before, we were really surprised to find this Sheraton so uneappealing.We then asked for another room, and they gave us a room on the 4th floor that was supposed to be better, but it looked exactly the same except that this was a smoking room where the corridor leading to it and the room itself stunk of cigarettes so much that we could not sleep there even with the window open and with the cooling system on. We could hear the guy next door coughing the smokers cough throughout the night. At least the outer noise level there was lower since it was higher up.They also tried to charge us for the parking 40.00 USD per night whilst we then just parked our car across the road in the parking area there for 12 USD per night!	
Sep 7 2006	ok!!!!	stayed here for 5 days.the hotel itself was ok,nothing to special.the reason i chose to stay here was that i am a wheelchair user and it was the most accesable place to stay in the city as the bay area is flat .it has a lot of shops around the hotel and plenty of places to eat.it is also just 5 minutes from the tour boats destination that take you out to alcatraz and the other bay trips.the food in the hotel was great and all the staff in the resteraunt and bar were chatty and helpful.the rooms were ok but maybe a bit small.i also had a room above the main entrance which was a rather bad spot as from 4 in the morning onwards there was a steady flow of cars arriving and leaving,the windows are not very soundproof either so take earplugs if you want a goodnights sleep!!all in all not to bad but i dont think i would stay again.	
Aug 31 2006 	Thrilled with this hotel	I was thrilled with this hotel. When I arrived they told me I was getting a free upgrade to the club floor because I had the starwood preferred guest card... wow! That's great.. You can get yours too at AntonStarwood dot com. I loved the location. There is a Dollar Rentacar in the building... we rented the car there then took ourselves to the airport and dropped it off there so we didn't have to pay for transfers back to the airport. The room was large (corner room 4132), it overlooked a beautiful tree with orange flowers. Every morning we got free breakfast, and every evening free hors doeuvres from 5 to 8 pm because we were on the club floor. The place was spotless. No one was mean. The parking costs $38 per night so I recommend you avoid taking a car altogether. The people from TowerTours had great tours, and they picked us up free. Take the Muir Woods tour with Clay if you get a chance. McDonalds is a block away. The historic street car for the tourists (called the F line) is directly in front of the hotel. All the ferries are in front of the hotel 1 block out. I also recommend Mr. Toad's Tours (1 block from hotel, walking toward the water). We got a 3 day transportation pass, good on the cable cars, trams, trolleys, and busses. We had no problems here whatsoever, but I can understand anyone being mad about the parking price!!! If you get on the F Line street car and go down the street a little, there is cheaper parking ($6 per night). 7/11 is a few feet away from the hotel, but they close early. Grayline has a double decker city tour that's fun... they are 1 block from the hotel (at the water). I loved the hotel. Anton Anderssen.	
Aug 31 2006	Look for something better.	The front desk couldn't care less about my family checking in. It seemed to be an inconvenience for them. Starwood Gold card? What's that?The rooms are very small and institutional-like. The bathrooms reminded me of my high school gym showers. Some deep cleaning is needed.The whole place is tending to be on the shabby side, and we had a glorious view of the bus marshalling yard.There must be a better place for the money nearby!	
Aug 30 2006 	Good 3-star tourist class hotel	This is a fine, but not remarkable hotel. It is not a 4-star luxury hotel (which is why I think some people are disappointed) but a good 3-star tourist hotel.The location is great for exploring the city, close to the cable car lines, most of the tourist ferries and the street car lines and walking distance to North Beach, Telegraph Hill, Russian Hill, Fishermans' Wharf and Chinatown.The rooms are nice, but standard hotel-motel rooms (except for the very nice beds) and the facilities are clean and adequate. The hotel staff was nice and the concierge was excellent. When we were there (August) the hotel was quite full with Italians, Germans, Brits and the French--even a Dane or two.I would avoid the pricey restr. and bar. There are plenty of nice alternatives nearby.Parking is too expensive and the lobby is bustling. The pool is small but heated and well-stocked with towels (which you will need as SF is ALWAYS cold.	
Aug 29 2006 	Awful Avoid this hotel	We stayed at this hotel for two nights on a vacation. It was awful. My own complaints are very similar to the other reviews. We booked on priceline. We also called to confirm a smoking king room (and also emailed). When we checked in we were told we could not have the room we had requested (and they confirmed). The hotel manager (sounds like the same one discussed in earlier reviews) told us &quot;thats what you get for booking on priceline&quot; and said that we should have booked through them instead. The front desk staff was extremely rude. This is no four star hotel. The rooms are dirty and dingy. Ours faced the driveway on the ground floor. All night there were cars driving in and out, idling their engines. Our window was blocked by a wooden beam and cement post. The washroom was tiny and the tiles were caved in around the faucet and appeared to be rotten underneath. The rooms are also extremely small. I do not know if this is all rooms, or just the second class rooms that they relegate people who do not book directly through their site to. We asked for guest robes and were told we would have to &quot;sign them out&quot; (again, duplicating the treatment of an earlier reviewer who felt like a criminal). The location is the only positive feature...but it is not worth it! There are so many nicer (and less expensive) hotels in the area with the same location.When we checked in (in the early afternoon) there were still dirty breakfast dishes (with dead flies floating in the orange juice) left outside our door in the hallway. It was dirty and dingy. We requested an in room fridge (none were available) and to get ice we had to walk to a different building, and then up an elevator and down a hall. I felt very poorly treated. For the amount of money that they charge, this hotel is not worth it. It is not the same class or standards that you might expect from other hotels in the Sheraton line. It was awful. Do not stay here.	
Aug 27 2006 	Good location average hotel.	I stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf for two nights. I was in San Francisco for business and went to the city a couple of days early to see the sights. Location: Excellent. The hotel is situated in the perfect spot if you are looking to check out the various tourist spots in the city. A short walk takes you to Pier 39, where the ferry to Alcatraz departs as well as other tour boats. Next to that is the Cannery, Ghirardeli Square, etc. All within walking distance, which was very convenient. Room: Average. Nothing special and somewhat outdated. It was clean and fully stocked. Beds were very comfortable. All hotels seem to be pricey in the area, so I wasn't surprised, but a bit dissapointed that you don't get more for the money you pay in this hotel. Parking: Ridiculously expensive, as others have posted. This seems to be the norm in the area for hotel parking unfortunately. If you can avoid renting a car and make use of public transit instead, go that route. Staff: Very helpful. I had a room that was facing the street when I first checked in. Around 11pm there was still a lot of activity on the street (shouting, car alarms, etc), which for a light sleeper like me would have meant a sleepless night. The front desk was very helpful and able to get me into a room that was in a much quieter location. Overall, the hotel is average but in a great location. Enjoy!	
Aug 26 2006 	Awful	In July this year 4 of us stayed in The Sheraton Hotel Fishermans Wharf San Francisco. Our 2 rooms were dark and dingy with a musty smell. When we complained we were told by a disinterested Manager that she could give us 2 other rooms but they would be no different. Our compensation was a free breakfast for 1 morning even though we were staying for 3 nights. As we left the desk the were tripping over themselves to help another customer who was obviously known to them and more important than ourselves. The next morning at breakfast the manager appeared and in front of the other guests told us that we were to order only from the buffet and not the a la carte menu. As everyone looked on we felt like criminals who were trying to steal from the hotel. As my wife and I had booked the Hotel we were embarrassed in front of our friends. My advice - stay away from this hotel, manager unfriendly and unhelpful.	
Aug 22 2006	Great Location	Stayed at the Sheraton for five nights on our first stop traveling down the coast . Had a good time. We had a corner room; small, but quiet. Beds were comfortable. Everything was clean; would have preferred more drawer space for clothing, but towels were plentiful. Bathroom, itself, is very small. You actually had to move to the side to close the door; but once again, clean. The vanity area was outside the bathroom. We found this area to be comfortable. There were two surface areas to put your personals, including a large mirror above each area. It also included a coffeemaker and hair dryer. This hotel is in a great area, if you are planning to spend time at the Wharf. The Alcatraz shuttle is right down the street. We ate in the restaurant once; when we arrived; pricey. The food was good. There are MANY fine eateries in the area. The lobby area and surrounding hotel area is very nice; maintained. Everyone was pleasant and helpful. Conceirage was very good. Our one MAJOR negative was the parking, $39.99/tax per day. This is a public lot. If you come in late, you are parked &quot;way in the back&quot;. Spaces are narrow. The valet service also uses this lot. The price is the same, but we were told it might take longer to get your car. If you don't need a car, use the public transportation. It is plentiful and run quite well. We used it once; no problems. A little crowded, though. Checkin/checkout was painless. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 20 2006 	great location but too large	The hotel was perfectly situated for us, a family of four. It was well located for everything we had planned and close to evening activities with young children. We thought however that it was too big, long corridors, bland rooms with small bathrooms, coffeemaker but no fridge or safe and a poor view of air conditioning system. A bit of a let down as we were paying more than in previous hotels on this particular trip that had far better facilities and aspects.The pool was ok but could do with some foliage to improve the location and better conceal the road and pavement on the edge of the property.The staff were all very helpful and we had a very pleasant stay.	
Aug 20 2006	Won't stay there again!	This was my 7th trip to San Francisco and I've stayed at 7 different hotels. This was not a good experience. I paid by Priceline (my first time on Priceline) and when I checked in after waiting a long time - they told me I had a smoking room. I said due to health problems I needed a non-smoking room. They said since I booked on Priceline, I don't have a choice. The manager said I should have booked through their site instead. Since I checked in early, they told me I'd have to come back in the afternoon for my key. I had to wait in the long line (for about 15 min) to get my key.My room's window faced the driveway and all night I could hear the bell captain using his whistle to get a taxi, and could hear the people on the floor above walking, and in the next room talking and watching tv. This was supposed to be a FOUR STAR HOTEL! The shower NEVER got hot! It was warm for both showers I took and after walking for many hours, I had been looking forward to a hot, relaxing shower. I'd also had the a/c on to filter the air, so the room was cold, so I really needed that hot shower!The maid began knocking on doors at 9 am so she could start cleaning, and check-out is noon! I couldn't believe they would be coming when people are showering, etc.And you could definitely smell when the smokers began in the morning - the air definitely had the smell of cigarettes.Aside from the check in staff, the rest of the staff was very attentive and helpful. But the room with the ugly view, noise and no hot water made for an unpleasant experience.There are so many great places to stay. I would definitely pay more attention to the reviews the next time.VirginiaIrvine, CA	
Aug 10 2006 	Eh...Largely unimpressed	With the kids visiting Grandma/Grandpa for a week, I decided to take my wife away for a 4 day weekend in SF. As all of the events we had planned were near Fisherman's Wharf, I decided to find a location there, to minimize travel.I checked into prices at various lodging in the area- most of what I found was about 250.00 and up a night. Took a chance on using Priceline, asked for a 4 star hotel at 150.00 near the Wharf, and got the Sheraton. Needless to say, this ain't no 4 star hotel.The room we got was ok... simply that. It was a bit like a very nice Holiday Inn or Best Western, but far below what I'd expect for a Sheraton of this location and 250.00 a night price range. I was surprised that there was no coffee maker available in the room, and no free coffee in the lobby. Additionally, the bathroom door knob was loose, and there were no pens/paper at the desk to write on. On top of that, even though the room is priced at 250.00 a night, wireless internet was another 13.00 a day, and parking is 39.00 a night!!! Yes, I know it's expensive to park in SF, but that's ridiculous... You can find a garage a bit down the street for 20.00 or less.Priceline automatically gave us a smoking room. When I found this out, I called and asked the front desk if we could be switched to a non-smoking when we arrived, as cigarette smoke gives my wife migraines- they told me they would accommodate us. Though they were pleasant enough, when we arrived they said they were booked so they couldn't give us a non-smoking room. Argh... A positive though, is that the room was cleaned well enough that it didn't smell like smoke too badly. Also, when my wife came down with a headache, the valet was kind enough to give me the last two of his Advil supply.We had a light room service breakfast, it was fine.Bottom line- if you are looking to be near the Wharf, and can get the room through Priceline at 150.00 or less a night (I think I could have got it for 125.00 if I had tried), then stay here. Otherwise, it IS NOT 4 star quality worth the price of 250.00 a night. If you have plans in the city that are away from the Wharf, find another place to stay, there are a ton of less expensive and higher quality options available.	
Aug 1 2006 	Rat's Nest	This place is terrible! But Priceline is at fault here. I put 4 star hotel in and this came up. Couldn't have even been half a star. I went for a few days around New Years. It was AWFUL. The person in the room above us moved bodies (or furniture) all day and night. We complained at least 5 times (about that issue alone) and nothing was done. There was construction going on so our patio was covered in tools. That was lovely to look at each morning. The staff is horrible, especially at the restaurant. Never ever ever stay here. Never use Priceline. Oh, and the location is awful. It's far away from anything unless you're into the Fisherman's Wharf. BE WARNED.	
Jul 21 2006 	Good option for tourist activities in SFO	Location is great. Pool is nothing to write home about, nor is the dining room / bar. Rooms on top floor are OK, beds comfy but rooms a bit dated.	
Jul 17 2006	nice hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton in Fisherman's Wharf for one night June 30th. It was a very nice hotel which was close enough to everything. The hotel itself was very clean and nice. The employees were very courteous and helpful. We loved the fact that we could walk all over San Francisco and had no problem getting back to the hotel. We had something to eat late in the bar area and the food was very good. I know that people in other reviews said they didn't care for this hotel, but I was very satisfied with it and felt for the money it was very nice. We even got the romance package which included a wine &amp; cheese platter and also a late checkout and it wasn't even that much more. I would definitely stay thereagain!	
Jul 1 2006	I liked it!	My bf and I stayed here March 8th-11th and enjoyed it. I loved the location, so close to Fishermans Wharf, Pier 51 and you could see Alcatraz and the Golden Gate from just 2 blocks up. We did have to be moved from our first floor room to one on the 4th way in the back because of noise, but it was done quickly. LOVED the beds. We didnt rent a car til our last day there so we didnt have to deal with the expensive parking and even though the pool was being renovated, it was March so no need to use it. I would say the hallways were the &quot;bad&quot; thing about this hotel, but everything else seemed pretty nice especially for the location, comfy beds and the good price we got.	
Jun 21 2006	Disappointed	We are a family of 5. We were recommended this hotel by our travel agent and being a Sheraton I thought it would be great. We stayed 3 nights and had adjoining rooms. We were disappointed because the rooms were very ordinary, our rooms in particular were a long, long way from the elevator, the pool was being renovated (although we could cross the road and go to another hotel to use their pool!), there was no fridge in the room. The main downside of the hotel was the price of parking which was $36.99 per night plus tax which threw out our budget a bit. Coming from Australia I wasn't aware of the cost of parking. The staff were also not too friendly. I think I would look elsewhere next time.	
Jun 14 2006	Fabulous Location Good Service Clean Rooms	The Sheraton at Fisherman's Wharf in San Franciso offered very good service, the rooms were very clean, the restaurant was nice, but the parking was incredibly expensive! Most of Fisherman's Wharf Parking is expensive but the Sheratons was more! Next time we travel to San Fran we will not be taking the car! Also after 11pm the streets are a little dodgy! We didn't feel too safe, there are alot of scam artists trying to take your money. Beware of the photo shops, the camera shop I walked into asked what type of camera I had, then proceded to take photos with my lens, then his, not realising I saw him put my zoom to maximum to take the photo. The offer went from $300 for a lens to $100 for the lens plus a 100GB memory card, so I stayed clear of those shops for the rest of the stay.If you are planning on doing Alcatraz, I would suggest the evening tour as it would be much less crowded. One last thing, we rented bikes and rode to the Golden Gate Bridge, it was excellent!	
Jun 8 2006	Easter in San Francisco	We had a very nice clean room with plenty of towels for our family of four. We did not use the restaurant, but found many places within walking distance for all meals. The wharf area has plenty of eateries and things to see. This Sheraton is not a resort - so we didn't expect to dine, swim, or exercise while visiting. This is a clean safe place to stay while visiting a major US city.	
May 31 2006	Pro's and Con's...	Pros: Great location, Friendly Staff, No illegal mexicans on staff, nice lounge, pillow top beds.Cons: Over priced rooms, Club lounge has cheap food you can get at 7-11, $15 for internet, Parking is also for general public and fills up, $5 a day parking tax.	
May 23 2006	Great hotel great location friendly staff	We started our honeymoon at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf in May 2006. We were greated by very friendly and helpful staff. Our room was bright, clean, in a qiuet location and our complimentary bottle of champagne was waiting on ice for us. The location is fantastic! You're literally two minutes away from Fisherman's wharf which is filled with some great restaurants (Neptunes on Pier 39, wow!!) and you can walk into the city in no time at all. We only ate in the hotel twice. The first time was room service as we had travlled from the UK and were shatted (the pizzas were excellent!!) and we had the continental breakfast buffet which was worth every penny. Don't worry if you don't want breakfast in the hotel, there's an IHOP (International House Of Pancakes) outside the main entrance, go right and then right again. They do great breakfasts!!It was a great start to our travels and would definitely go back.	
May 12 2006	update on my last review re: Club Level Room	This is an update on my review from last week - I heard from the manager of the hotel who was very nice and explained to me that out of the hundreds of rooms there, there are actually only about 30 Club Level Rooms in the entire hotel, and most of the rooms on the 4th floor are standard rooms. We were told by the front desk the whole 4th floor was Club Level, and that was incorrect. We were given the wrong type of room twice, they were oversold on Club Level and did not disclose that to me when we checked in. So we were given a standard room (not in great shape) and charged the Club Level rate which is about $50 higher per night! She apologized sincerely and refunded the night's stay (actually we were only there 8 hours total), and said the issue was being addressed with the front desk and reservations departments so that they would be aware of the problem. So just be forewarned, if you have a confirmed reservation for Club Level you may not get it but you might be charged for it anyway if you don't realize it ........ I am grateful that management did the proper thing in the end, although at the time it happened it was frustrating, aggravating and inconvenient.	
May 8 2006	Great Hotel Great Location Great City	Previous reviews have said it all, the Sheraton can't be beat for location. Take the negative reviews with a large pinch of salt we loved it here. We had 2 rooms on the 3rd floor both nice &amp; clean and well fitted out, no view but hey! you are in a city expect 'views' of other hotels, car parks and bus stations. I would not agree with previous reviews that say this place needs remodelling as it is an above average city hotel. We were too busy to eat at the hotel but what we saw was nice. Only negative is the parking charges $40+. We saved paying this by taking the airport limo with Virgin Holidays (brilliant) and picking up our rental car 4 days later from Dollar's O'Farrel St location (easy). Bottled water in the room is expensive at $4.75 you can get the same over the road at Safeway for 75 cents. Yes, San Francisco along with many other big cities has a homeless people problem we saw some of this around Union Square but it did not affect our trip at all. We went on to visit Vegas and LA but San Francisco was definately the highlight of our holiday.	
May 1 2006	Great Location	Hotel was in a great location - -close to wharf, public transportation, etc.. Room was average, and I was disappointed that the pool was closed for remodeling.The &quot;gym&quot; is really only a room with three treadmills and some other equipment.Fisherman's Wharf is touristy, but I do recommend visiting once in your life.There is also a major homeless problem here, and some are scary!	
May 1 2006	Good Stay	Stayed 3 nights and was very pleased with the hotel and the location. As others have said the parking was exspensive but had taken that into account when we booked. By using priceline and only bidding up to the amount we were prepared to pay because of the parking charges we paid no more than staying at a motor inn with free parking. If we had to pay rack rate we would not stay there. The rooms were ready for decorating but the beds were really comfy and the bathroom was fine, with hairdryer and coffee maker ( with starbucks coffee). Our room had a patio which over looked the pool which was nice but the patio needed weeding as it was a mess. The pool was nearly ready when we were there but as others have said you had to go to the Raddison to swim, but we were far to busy sightseeing to want to swim, plus the weather was not warm enough for us! I think if you get this hotel for the right price you can't beat the location as it's only a short walk to a lot of attractions or transport to many others.	
Apr 20 2006	Great location	Just arrived home from 3 nights at this hotel. I agree with others, the location can't be beat. You can park your car and enjoy some great entertainment within walking distance. However, the rooms are dated and the hotel needs to invest money on a huge remodel. The pool was closed for repairs so they arranged to use the Radisson pool across the street. Our son was disappointed. The parking is $36/day plus tax. The valet actually suggested trying other parking if you wanted cheaper, but you could only go in/out once a day. If you park at the hotel, you have unlimited in/out priveledges each day. I got this reservation on Priceline for $84/day, which for the location, was a great price. If you can get the deal on Priceline, I would recommend it.	
Apr 18 2006	Better than we expected	After reading some of the reviews on tripadvisor we wondered whether we'd made a wise choice in booking the Sheraton at Fisherman's Wharf, but enjoyed our stay there.On arrival we were warmly greeted by receptionist Jimmy, who, after we requested quiet rooms, upgraded us to Club class. The rooms were fairly spacious, very clean, and well equipped.We enjoyed the complementary breakfast, which was more than adequate for our needs, offering a good selection of fruit, cereals, pastries, and two hot dishes each day.We found the staff to be generally friendly, and helpful, particularly Jimmy, the concierges, and bellboys.We didn't eat in the restaurant, but had a light lunch in the bar, and although the waitress was rather slow, the barman quickly spotted the problem and stepped in to supervise our order. The food was fine and reasonable value for money.The hotel is very well situated for access to the piers and the trolley buses and we found cab fares (albeit shared between four people) were quite reasonable.	
Apr 17 2006	GREAT location!	stayed in rooms 4101 and 4103, which are adjoining. 4101 is a double double and 4103 is a King. The 4th floor is the Club Level. OUTSTANDING. Rooms are roomy, not huge, but very comfy. Club accomodations were very nice, serving breakfast and happy hour. The location is spectacular, 2 blocks to fisherman's Wharf, next door is a Safeway. Nearest Cable Cars are about 2 blocks away. Everything is accessible from this location. Parking is steep at $36/day, but it is that way anywhere around this area. Parking is either valet or self park, (same price) and is underground, which was very nice, since it rained most of the week. Hotel employees are very cordial and professional. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Apr 15 2006	Its all about the great location.	I stayed at this hotel with my husband &amp; 2 kids ages 3 &amp; 6. I chose this hotel because of the proximity to the piers &amp; numerous tours/attractions, and it didn't dissappoint, with many interesting sights within walking distance. The parking fee was astronomical ($40 for self OR valet), but it was worth it because we valet parked our car when we arrived and didn't move it for the 2 days we were there. They also allowed us to keep our car in their lot until 5 P.M. the day we checked out, which was nice. So, the bottom line is...I have no complaints, other than the room was on the small side, especially with two small children. The hotel staff was pleasant. I thought the beds were comfortable, although my husband found them too soft. I'm not sure I agree with the 4 star rating. It seemed more like a very nice 3 star.	
Apr 7 2006	Could've been better	Overall it was a decent experience. We booked 2 connecting rooms with a shared inner door, smoking with king beds with a AAA discount. When checking in it was an hour before posted check in time so we did expect the possibility of a delay. We did not expect the level of disorganization we encountered. She argued with us about our rate saying that it was a convention rate and we were not with the convention and should not have the lower rate. We reserved the room through their own reservation line. It took nearly 20 minutes of searching before she evn found us 2 connected rooms. they were not the king smoking rooms I had reserved. The rooms were not ready so were forced to sit with our luggage cart in the lobby, 4 adults and a 16 month old who needed changing, something to eat and was tired after a 4 hour drive. At 3:15 we were able to enter one room only as the other was not clean, check in is at 3. The room was very small and not connected as she saidit was. We went back down to the lobby and requsted another set of rooms as this would not work, because of the baby we needed easy access, and this was not what hse had told us we were getting. We were helped by a wonderful man named Jim. In less than 5 minutes he was able to get us 2 smoking rooms that were connected, with balconies so we could smoke outside as we do not smoke near children. He also waived our $41 parking fee, sent a bottle of champagne and a box of chocolates to each room. But they were still not the king rooms we reserved. The pool was closed for construction. No big deal for us as it wasn't part of our plan, but it may be bothersome to someone else. Guests do have use of the hotel pool across the street. but who wants to be cold and wet walking around outside. we did not try the restaurants, but the menu options looked great. We used the valet parking as opposed to self parking so we wouldn't have to navigate through the garage. The rooms were somehwat outdated, but very clean and well stocked. Although in the smoking rooms it did look a bit older and everything had a yellow nicotine film on it.We had free water bottles in our room and starbucks coffee for the in room maker. although the creamers given required refrigeration and were spoiled. On to the beds. Part of the reason we chose this hotel was from all of the hype surrounding the new beds. My husband and brother in law loved the beds, said they were the best ever. Us girls however were not as excited. We found the beds and pillows to be entirely too firm with an oddly mushy pillowtop. The hotel is in great proximity to the Wharf and all the wonders it beholds, only 2 blocks. We did call down for directions to the zoo and were given directions that took us 5 miles in the other diection and ended inside the presidio, not the zoo. In all it seemed like a decent hotel, if a bit disorganized.	
Apr 7 2006 	Another 4 star with no perks....	My wife and I just stayed there for a week and while the hotel may have been a 4-star rating, the amenities have been surpassed by many 3 or less star places that we have been. The high-speed internet was extra ($10/day), if you wanted to park there it would have been almost $40/day. No breakfast - no frills. The bed was above average but the room was about normal - not one I would consider in the 4 star range though. Oh and if you need to catch a ride to the airport, I would suggest you book it yourself. The hotel uses &quot;Supershuttle&quot; which they have troubles getting ahold of at times and who also never showed up for our early-morning departure.	
Apr 6 2006	great place !!	My sister &amp; I stayed at this hotel the night before, and the night after a cruise. We loved this place !! The front desk staff were incredibly friendly, efficient and helpful and did their best to answer any questions we had. They even allowed us to check in at 10:30 in the morning when we got off our cruiseship. The concierge was great - booked us a great restaurant on Pier 39 for dinner, as well as a limo to take us to the airport on our last day. He was a wealth of information and always had a smile for you when you came in. The hotel is perfectly situated on Fisherman's Wharf, and the whole area is safe to walk at any time. We would stay there again in an instant !!	
Mar 23 2006	ABOVE AND BEYOND what I expected!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton on Fisherman's Wharf from March 19-22, 2006. We paid $95/night from Priceline. Let me preface this review by saying that I have read almost all of the reviews from Trip Advisor, and all the reviews from Bidding For Travel -------.Our flight came in around 11:30 am from OAK on Sunday, and we took AirBart ($2/person) to the Bart to Embarcadero ($3.35/person each way). We then took a taxi (around $10 with two pieces of luggage) from the Bart station to the hotel and arrived at the Sheraton about 1 pm. The lobby is very presentable, with a nice fireplace and plenty of seating. There was no line to wait for check in, but the lady at the front desk, Mimi, said we could check in anyway. She was VERY friendly, and when I told her it was our first year wedding anniversary and our first time in San Francisco (it really was), she upgraded us right away to a deluxe room on the club level (for no extra cost)! All club level rooms include complimentary breakfast and evening hors d'oeuvres. From all of the horrible reviews, I was expecting them to make us wait two hours to check in, then give us a room next the elevator on the bottom floor.Our room, #4508, was perfect! We had a king, non-smoking room. Though the view wasn't fantastic, we could still see part of the city. The entire room and bathroom were immaculatly clean. Not a speck of dust, dirt or hair anywhere. Later that night, the manager sent up a complimentary bottle of chilled champagne, and had set up turn-down service!We received our bill the morning we were checking out, and noticed an extra room service charge. My husband took the bill to a male front desk clerk, and he immediately took the charge off of the bill. Not a big deal at all. By the way, if you are considering buying a movie, they cost between $10.99 and $13.99 each. Local phone calls are $0.85/minute, and room service cost about $60 for two appetizers and one $15 sandwich (including tax, delivery, and service charge/tip). The hotel is one block from the Wharf, and within walking distance to Walgreens and some restaurants (Cafe Pescatore was excellent!).Does this sound like a hotel that should be #125 on Trip Advisor?? Sure, the hotel was built in the 70's, but they really made us feel like they take care of their customers. All of that for only $95 per night!! We paid more for a one-star bed and breakfast in the middle of nowhere.My advice to others considering staying at the Sheraton on Fisherman's Wharf is this:1) Sign up for the Sheraton rewards club, and make sure to give them your number, even if you pay through Priceline. You still earn points for room service and other incidentals.2) Be nice to the front desk staff, and let them know if it is a special occasion during your stay. From what I have experienced, if you are nice to them, they will be nice back.3) Tip the cleaning crew at least a couple of bucks nightly. Your room may be cleaned by a different person each night, and tipping nightly ensures that each cleaning staff is tipped. Sometimes they will do a better job cleaning if they are tipped (wouldn't you??).	
Mar 15 2006	great location...definitely not 4 stars!	We stayed here March 10/11. Note, parking costs are out of this world - over $40 per night. There is no overnight discount then they TAX you to park ($36.00 parking $5 for TAX). The property is laid out strange - and the parking lot is confusing. If you check in after 11:00pm, you have to either drop your bags off at the front door, then drive around the block to get back into the parking lot - or wander around the parking garage looking for the way out then hike up some stairs with all of your luggage. Maybe option 1 is best!We had a club level room - which had a nice partial view of the Golden Gate Bridge. The bed was incredible! We also had the breakfast on club level both mornings - pretty good, but what a zoo! They need a better layout and more seating. The location was ideal! Close to everything. This is an ideal place if you want to experience the tourist part of SF. Do not expect anything on the fancy side - just enjoy the basic room, expensive parking, and excellent location.	
Mar 14 2006	NOT 4 Star Quality	I booked thru Priceline, so the price wasn't &quot;bad&quot; ($100ish). But let me tell you. This is not what you picture when you hear &quot;4 star&quot;. First let me tell you about the good things. CLOSE to the warf, walking distance to many good/fun things to do. The beds are great! Very cozy and comfy! Now for the not so good. If you want parking, it's close to $40. This is RIDICULOUS when you are GUEST in my opionion. We luckily found street parking, look for it and be willing to move your car when needed, but for us it worked out perfectly. The rooms were small and very outdated for a &quot;4 star&quot;. Seriously the bed was the only good part of the room. There was a coffee pot, which we were glad about. But there were also bottles of water (not any fancy brands) which you could buy for $4.50! Yeah, $4.50! If I am a GUEST at a &quot;4 star&quot; hotel, do you really need to REEM me on a bottle of water? Over all this was a disappointing stay...not even a full pad of paper and pen in the room! The pad of paper had like 2 sheets on it! Our room was non-smoking, yet the hall kinda smelled like a casino and the carpet in the hallway looked 20 years old. Ok enough of that! Let me tell you where to stay. The Argonaut. Right down the warf towards Ghiridelli. Total 4 star. Beautiful hotel, more expensive of course but well worth it. Lovely service, great beds, great decor and VALET parking for MUCH less than the Sheraton's garage! So to sum up my review...if I had paid $55 for this hotel stay, I'd be happy. But paying $100 for it didn't make me happy at all. Argonaut....all the way.	
Mar 8 2006	Location - location - location	A block from Fisherman's wharf - and half a mile to &quot;Little Italy,&quot; Lombard St, Russian Hill and the Embarcadero. A mile or two to most other parts of downtown. Easy access to public transportation for farther away points like the Mission (Little Mexico), the Castro and Haight-Ashbury.Clean, standard, &quot;minimal frills,&quot; hotel room. Very comfortable beds (Sheraton's specialty)A 3-star hotel - but &quot;above average&quot; due to the location.Not worth full price for most - but a good deal off of Priceline (usually &lt;$100/night)	
Mar 7 2006	sheraton fishermans wharf very nice	very nice and clean watch out for the internet very messed up service excellent staff very helpful clean	
Mar 2 2006	Great location	Stay here for 4 nts from Feb 26-Mar 1. The location for this hotel is excellent. It's close to every tourist location. The room is average. I would definitely agree with people about this hotel not being a 4 stars hotel. I would stay at the Holiday Inn or The Mariott, since they look newer than the Sheraton.	
Feb 19 2006	Better than I expected.	I also was nervous about staying at the Sheraton after seeing reviews on this site. I pricelined it for about $100 and got a nice non-smoking room with two double beds--perfectly adequate as we were definitely NOT looking for romantic. The rooms and bathrooms were a little small but more than met our needs. The beds were quite comfortable. We avoided the concierge, choosing to make our dining choices from a Zagat guide instead. The Wharf is full of tourist cheese but it felt fairly safe, well-lit and easy to navigate.	
Feb 14 2006	Perfect Location	My husband and I stayed here over the long weekend. Here are a few highlights we observed:*Perfect location: We walked to all the nearby sites (Fisherman's Wharf, China Town, Union Square, Lombard Street, and Ghiradelli Square) My husband is not in shape at all, but he had no problem.*We did not hear the construction noise (10:00 am to 4:00 p.m.)*The decor is outdated *The beds were VERY comfortable*The pool was closed due to construction, but we were not planning to use it anyway. (If you wanted to swim, you could go across the street to the Radisson and use their facilities)	
Jan 28 2006	Nice place to stay for first trip to San Fransisco	We honeymooned here on 21 August 2005 for 5 nights (before going to Oahu Hawaii). The hotel is in a good location - close walk to the Wharf area where all the shops and restaurants are - very handy for night time. The check-in was fast. All staff were friendly - we told them on arrival we were honeymooning and were given a room upgrade - bigger room &amp; bed. (Sheraton do have a right to boast about those beds! They are so lovely and comfortable!) Because of the hotels' location being more or less in a built up area, I dont think there would be much of a view from any room so don't expect much in that way.Noise-wise we had no problems at all. We did get the impression that the hotel is more business-person orientated. But we couldn't fault it for our needs really, we were there to explore anyway so didn't spend much time hanging around the hotel apart from sleeping. You couldn't beat its location really.We never used the pool (it looked very small) the weather was too cold - thought it would have been warm over there in August and that did disappoint us, we had to buy more warm clothes!We ate breakfast there one morning, that was okay but not worth the money, theres loads more places nearby.We did a sight seeing trip on a double decker bus which was handy to get our bearings, an evening Hornblower dinner cruise which was fantastic. Also my new husband twisted my arm and we hired a tandom bike and rode to the Golden Gate bridge that was a great experience we shall always treasure. We booked Alcatraz over internet prior to going as it was right what we had heard - no chance turning up on the day and getting a ticket - being our honeymoon we didn't want to risk it.	
Jan 26 2006	would not recomend	This place made our stay in San Francisco not a pleasant one.1.Front desk:not efficient took us more than 45 min. to check-in.2.concierge:bad recommendations to restaurants, it seems as though they get commission from the places they send you. We wanted a guided tour and we got a car with driver not a guide!3.Rooms:don't have any view, all facing innr court yard or noisy street.4.Parking:The hotel garage charges 40$ per day for your car and this for hotel guests.5.Food:Breakfast is avrege, dinner nothing special.Even if you have Starwood Gold Card you get no benefit!	
Jan 19 2006	Not So Great	Granted, we Hotwired this place for a long weekend and got the room for about $100 a night. And I'll grant that it's very close to a Safeway, drugstore and Trader Joe's, as well as walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Ghiradelli Square, and the cable car station -- not bad for $100. Having said that, though, this place just was *not* that great -- it's one of those 'blow the wad on the lobby and give the guests sub-par, noisy rooms' kind of places -- and the interior halls (as well as our room) just looked tired and run down. I was annoyed that the king bed we were supposed to have (romantic weekend, right?) was changed without notice to two doubles because they were &quot;out&quot;. Right. For us and the other Hotwire people we heard complaining about the same thing. But since it was originally made through Hotwire, I figured I couldn't complain about the miniscule beds. (I mean, really -- who still has doubles?!) Our room was facing the bus depot -- and it *was* loud, even with the fan on. The people walking around upstairs were loud as well, though hall noise seemed minimal.I mentioned it was a 'fancy lobby/crummy room' kind of place, right? That also extends to the services: smallest tv channel selection I've ever seen; $10 a day internet that took my sysadmin hubby 15 minutes on the phone with their tech support people (and a dip into his own hardware supplies) to debug enough to use; prominently displayed $5 bottles of beverage taking up counter and dresser space throughout the room; small, poorly lit bathroom with tacky plastic mini-bath insert; $40 a day parking (after you pay the special 'so you're staying in the hotel' tax: the list goes on. I just hope they billed it right; between the 'on screen checkout' that didn't work and the 20 minute wait to checkout in the lobby, we just used the keydrop and hoped for the best. If the location is important and you can get a super-fabulous price, then you can probably live with it. If you actually expect a *nice* room, look somewhere else.	
Jan 18 2006	San Fran is fab	Wow - this is one of the best places I have been for all sorts of reason (apart from the rain- but even that did not put me off). The Sheraton is an adequate hotel in a good location, I found the staff to be ok but had little dealings with them, the rooms were ok as well.Fishermans Wharf itself is fantastic, lots of seafood restaurants and lots of late night bars (10.30 was not a time I remember going home at - more likely 1am). If you like good food, lots of tourist attractions and fantastic bars head for San Francisco - you won't be disappointed.	
Jan 6 2006	Loved the comfy beds!	We really enjoyed our stay at the Sheraton. The beds were divine and the housekeeping was impeccable. I was a bit apprehensive about the Sheraton after reading some negative reviews here but was pleasantly surprised. Paying a little extra for the Club Room was a real boon especially for hungry teenage children as breakfast and hors d'oerves in the evening were included in the room price.I noted that a reviewer mentioned that the valet parking was a nightmare - we found it to be an excellent service. The only negative was that the front desk staff were a bit remote and frosty but all the other staff were friendly and helpful.This hotel is situated in an excellent area as it is close to trams and cable cars - a good tip is to buy a Muni Pass - we bought a 7 day one and got excellent use out of it. Fisherman's Wharf is just a block away and also there is a Safeway supermarket over the road, a Barnes and Noble on the next block. Really convenient. It is just a 5-10 minute stroll to Pier 39 to see the Sea Lions - we did that a few times both day and night.On the whole, the Sheraton @ Fisherman's Wharf was above average - reasonably priced and a good place to stay - I'd go back :-)	
Jan 2 2006	Loved San Francisco	San Francisco is fabulous. This hotel is excellently placed for Fishermans Wharf,Pier 39 etc. If you're looking for night life this is not for you as everything closes down at about 10.30. As a point for Brits who are used to being served from the age of 18 do take out photo ID as although the legal age limit for drinking alcohol or just soft drinks in bars is 21 I'm 30 and got asked for ID several times. Although flattering it's a bit annoying if you don't have any on you!!I was quite concerned having reviewed these pages before we went. I do agree that it isn't 4* but we had 2 queensize beds, good size bathroom and the rooms are far larger than those I'm used to in the UK. I specifically asked for a room away from the bus station but the room looked onto a wall. The reception and concierge service were good and we only had one unfortunate experience with a member of staff who was less than helpful. The need for tipping is exhausting. Coming from the UK we are most definitely not used to the hand out technique from all service providers!!Must do's:- cycle from Fishermans Wharf over the Golden Gate Bridge, the Cheesecake Factory in Union Square and riding the cable cars. We booked alcatraz over the net at home through blue and gold ferries and picked up the tickets an hour before we were to sail, which was great.	
Jan 2 2006	New Year's Eve at the Sheraton Fishermans Wharf	First, it's New Year's Eve, so of course there will be noise and stress.We paid a premium price plus for a room in Fisherman's Wharf on New Year's Eve, plus another $35 for club level.We got in around 2pm, with check in at 3pm. We were told our room wasn't available yet. Another person in our party (who also was on club level), checking in after us, was told his room was available, so we just put our luggage in his room and then walked over to see where our room was. There was too much noise in the hallway so we went back down to the front desk, where another person helped us. She offered us two rooms by our friend, one was a double, and one was a king (our original request). She did say the king room was facing the busses and they started work there around 4 am. We opted for the 2 doubles that overlooked the courtyard. She called housekeeping to rush cleaning on our room (without us asking) and to &quot;club&quot; the room - which meant we got a refrigerator, some robes and access to the club breakfast in the morning.We went to the bar and had a drink while we watched them set up for the New Year’s Eve party. The drinks were decent - not bad at all.The room:There was some mold in the bathroom, and some grime marks on the door that rubbed off with little effort on my part. The courtyard view was good enough - much better than other view pictures I've seen posted on here. The stains on the curtain were a bit offputting, and the charge for internet access is a bit absurd, especially for a hotel located in San Francisco.The next morning, when we went to take a shower, we realized that while housekeeping had given us hand towels, we had no towels to dry off after showering. Housekeeping was quick to stop by with some fresh towels - it took less than 10 min from the time we called until the time they knocked on the door.The club breakfast had a variety of oatmeal and toppings for it, and below par pastries. The Starbucks coffee collection was a major bonus and the opportunity to take breakfast back to your room was perfect.Valet parking was a disaster. The worst part of our trip was also our last impression. They didn't bother to make sure the charge was put onto our room bill when we checked in, so we had to deal with figuring out whether or not we were charged after we had already checked out of our room and were looking to get in our car and go - with everyone else who was checking out looking to get their car and go at the same time.The hotel isn't perfect, but the location can't be beat, the staff, overall, is friendly, and the beds are incredibly comfortable.	
Dec 10 2005	Gremlins at the Sheraton Wharf	Have just spent 2 nights at the Sheraton Fishermans Wharf - after spending 6 nights at the Hilton SF Union Square prior to that.I pricelined our accommodation for our entire 3 wk US trip and have to say, that it was this hotel that made it abundantly clear that priceline meant &quot;less service&quot; in their eyes.Accommodation was a ground level ageing room - (no fridge - but that is the Aussie in me!!) but clean and reasonably spacious.Didnt help that Sheraton were installing new computer systems over that same period. We had 2 knocks on our door one night - around 8pm the first time, from &quot;Housekeeping&quot;, asking if everything was ok, followed by a second call around 9.30pm, by someone asking our name.. I was concerned as I had had no explaination as to what was the problem - so rang the desk.Turns out, system had gone down and they had to confirm who was in what room and to prevent them reletting our room... now if only they had said that at the time of the knock on the door - much more understandable than me thinking that we may be subjected to some sort of &quot;room invasion&quot;.Alas, that wasnt the only glitch. We were waiting on a call from family that night - and didnt get it. Turns out, family HAD rung, and was told that we had checked out... so we had family wondering what the hell was going on - unbeknownst to us, until I rang them the following morning. One would think the Hotel Front Desk would have at least tried our room, or acknowledged the computer probs to our family who spent 12 anxious hours wondering where we were on the other side of the country...On checkout, we asked that our bags be stowed for 5 hours until our shuttle picked us up - no probs intially, but then it became our problem when they had no room (this was after saying that they could do it an hour earlier). I told them of this, and reluctantly, room was found.That night, while waiting for the Shuttle, I was watching 20 people trying to check in - and the line wasnt moving.Yup - computer probs again - and they could not allocate rooms or keys to their customers. I was waiting an hour and watched more people arrive and wondered what the Sheraton promise would mean to them...I can appreciate from the Staff perspective how difficult it was for them to deal with the computer probs - however - I feel that the customer (or was that the priceline customer...) was the one in the way..Great location for those who want access to the Wharf..Don't think I would stay there again myself.	
Nov 3 2005	Average hotel at premium price	Stayed three nights Oct. 17-19. The first room they gave was overlooking a busy , noisy thoroughfare. Immediately requested another room in the interior portion of the hotel.The staff was accommodating. The room was clean and quite average and did not include a mini-fridge, which I would expect in a room of this rate. The shower head was not funtioning , but when alerted of this, the staff had it repaired by the afternoon and we where offered a complimentary bottle of wine or movie for the inconvenience...a good PR policy. The on site parking fee is ridiculous.	
Nov 2 2005	Enjoyed this hotel very much	We stayed at this location for two nights from Oct 28-30 and really enjoyed our visit! The staff was nice, friendly and efficient. We stayed on the club level floor and had a great rate with a good breakfast. There are many things that are within walking distance since its so close to the Wharf, but you do need a car to get around and really see the sights. San Fran is a nice city with lots of fun and entertaining things to do. This hotel was very close to everything we wanted and we would stay there again.	
Nov 1 2005 	Average Hotel. Below Average Sheraton	Stayed here for a business trip. Hotel was touted as 4* on the site I reserved through. This is absolutely not a 4* hotel. It is an average 3* hotel. The housekeeping was the worst I've experienced at any level. Empty room service plates were left in the hall for over a day. Glasses in the room were not replaced twice. Trash not emptied. Tub filled with soapy water when I returned. Staff was pretty inattentive. Concierge had wrong info two different times. I expect more out of Sheraton hotels, I was disappointed in their service.Hotel is undergoing renovations right now too, but I was not affected by it, even though they were working right outside of my room. Just note, the pool will be closed 'til late Feb 2006.	
Oct 30 2005	An average 3* hotel in a big city.	The room was bordering on the small size, but was very clean. The bathroom was small and did not have an exhaust fan. Our room window overlooked a scaffold due to the major construction on the outside of the hotel, and the noise level from traffic could be heard during the night.  Fisherman's Wharf is a great tourist spot and we will return, but will try another hotel.	
Oct 30 2005	Enjoyed our stay - no problem with building works	We stayed at the Sheraton Fishermans Wharf for 3 nights at the end of a 3 week holiday starting in Vegas.Although we had not been prewarned of the building works, and we checked in at 2.30 to a room with workmen outside the windows, on scafolding, and making a lot of noise, that was the last we saw or heard of the builders for our entire stay.They did not start until after 10am and were always gone whenever we returned to our room in the late afternoon.The room was clean, dustfree and comfortable, if a little small, especially when compared to the other Sheraton we stayed in during our trip (Sheraton Anaheim)Our only complaint was that the internet in the room did not allow us to access my emails, but when I rang down &amp; complained the $10 charge was removed from my account without question.All the staff we had any dealings with were friendly &amp; helpful, especially the man in the business centre who was almost as excited as me when I was finally able to access my emails &amp; see the photos of my newborn grandson!He refused to charge me for using the computer &amp; even printed some pictures of the baby for me to keep with me! Thats what I call Customer Service!The location was excellent, close to all the attractions &amp; we would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.Good things to do whilst in San Francisco - Alcatraz of course, but the real highlight for us was the trip on the Big Red Fire Engine across the Golden Gate bridge! An experience not to be missed! (Departs from the Cannery on Fishermans Wharf, but make sure you book it in advance)	
Oct 17 2005	Great Getaway Weekend Spot	Our room was very clean with updated furniture, curtains, wallpaper, a desk, and two double beds (incredibly comfortable). It was on the second floor overlooking the outdoor swimming pool area. The room had a large armoire/tv stand with two closets and a chest of drawers. The bathroom was small, but our shower worked well and there was a roomy vanity area, mirrored on both sides, so it never felt crowded. All the staff members we encountered were friendly and helpful. A few of the guests were a bit rowdy - we were awakened at 3:00am one night. But that can happen at any large hotel.The location was perfect for us. We liked being so close to Coit Tower, Washington Square Park, China Town, and the fantastic Italian restaurants of the North Beach area.Our experience was great. Overall a terrific stay.	
Oct 13 2005	get the right room!	The rooms here were ok comfortable enough but nothing special! the bathroom was small and needed a revamp, but the worst thing was that our room was on the ground floor and over looked the bus station the noise was awful!! ask for a quiet room on a high floor. We would rather have stayed up towards Union square as we felt the wharf area was a bit tacky.the city is fantastic and we will return but would not stay at the sheraton.	
Oct 1 2005	ideal location for tourists	Have to say that this hotel was not up to the standards of other Sheratons in which I have stayed previously. OK, so they were working on the exterior of the hotel, which meant I couldn't see out the window nor open it, but the problem in my opinion was greater than that. It just came across as a bit dated and more comparable with what I would expect of a Holiday Inn. The room was reasonably clean, although not spotless. Very comfy bed - no complaints there. Shower was extremely poor - hardly any power - more a trickle; whether that was a water-saving feature or a fault I am not sure. Suffered quite a lot of noise from the room next door - through connecting door. Guess that's not entirely the hotel's fault - more the antisocial guests - but I had asked for a quiet room so to be given one next door to a noisy family was a bit of a disappointment. There's a small outdoor pool (heated) which is OK for a quick dip.The location is good - near to the tourist tack of the pier(s) - but also good for trams and bikehire down on the pier if you want to explore more of what the city has to offer. My last stay in SF I was in a hotel on Geary near Union Square, and I have to say I preferred being down at Fisherman's Wharf if not specifically in this hotel.	
Sep 25 2005	Shabby is definitely the word	Checked into the Sheraton and asked specifically for a room NOT overlooking the construction. Got a room overlooking just that. Ripped curtains, dirty carpet (from construction dust). This property is not run by Sheraton, just under their umbrella. For the price charged, I would NOT recommend staying there. Perhaps Sheraton should review some of the hotels they license to outside owners.	
Sep 18 2005	the best bed I ever slept on!!!	The Sheraton staff was informative and helpful, but not warm and friendly. The outside of the building was being worked on and covered with a black material. However, I never heard a sound from the work being done. The bathroom could be updated a bit, everything was immaculate in the room. Hairdryer and iron in room as well. The Sheraton has a sleep slogan regarding their beds and it's true!!! The hotel is also conveniently located 2 short blocks from the middle of Fisherman's Wharf, right on the F line streetcar line and 2 blocks from the Mason Powell Cable car line. There is a Walgreens and Safeway supermarket behind the hotel as well. Hope this helps .	
Sep 16 2005	Shabby - Not Chic	The best thing about this hotel is its location ... on block from the warf. It has a nice looking lobby, though the chairs in the lobby had seen better days. The rooms were shabby, shabby, shabby! No pillow top mattresses, old worn furnature, mildewed bathrooms, dirty curtains, stained floor, etc. The staff is nice, but the management is suppose to follow up on complaints and does not!The Concierges peddle a vacation club (like a timeshare thing), which they say is not a hard sell. We sat through an hour (one on one) with the pitch man, 3 price schemes with the closer, and 2 price schemes with a follow-up guy just to get a free lunch and 2 passes for a winery tour (value of $130) ... not worth it. Don't stay here if you are looking for 4 star accomodations. Don't pay any more than you would for an old Holiday Inn.	
Sep 12 2005	Excellent stay at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf.	We spent 4 days at this hotel over Labor day weekend when it was very busy. Having read the reviews here I was quite apprehensive but I am happy to say that my fears were unfounded. Although exterior renovations are still ongoing they had no impact on my stay. The check in procedure was friendly and efficient. Room was recently redecorated, beds extremely comfortable and bathroom was clean and well stocked with towels and toiletries, if a little on the small side. No outside noise bothered us.The room maid assigned to our area did an excellent job and the room was cleaned by 10:00 every day. We sent out laundry on the Sunday morning and it was returned by 7:30 that evening as promised. Front desk staff, bellmen and concierge were invariably cheerful and helpful. Did not use the restaurant but bar was fine for a drink before bed.Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to stay at Fisherman's Wharf - it's close to everything and the streets are safe at night.This is a solid 4-Star if not quite luxury hotel.	
Sep 8 2005	Clean and comfortable	I was horrified when I read some of the reviews, but having booked the room on Hotwire, I wasn't able to get a refund. But when we arrived at the hotel, I was pleasantly surprised. Every staff member spoke English clearly and was pleasant and helpful. The rooms were scrupulously clean (and I am extremely picky) and the beds were very comfortable. I asked for a room away from the construction and received a room on the 3rd floor overlooking the bus barn area. We were not awakened by any bus noise whatsoever. While the bathroom was a little dated (harvest-gold tile and older fixtures), the shower curtain and towels were new, plus the bathroom as a whole was extremely clean. We have stayed in two other hotels on the Wharf (Radisson and BW Tuscan Inn) and our experience was very similar to the Sheraton (room size, comfort, cleanliness and service). If you are looking for a relaxing quiet luxury stay in SF, the Wharf is not the place to go. If you need a clean and comfortable place to stay while you spend the day exploring SF, the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf would be a good choice.	
Aug 23 2005	Not quite as good as it should have been	generally a bit dissappointed with the hotel, although we did get an early check after arriving overnight from Hawaii. The breakfast was generally very poor indeed and none spoke good english. Bell boys were good and arrange transport quickly and efficiently. Bar a little small. Generally just an ok hotel, no more.	
Aug 5 2005	Not a 4* hotel	We stayed at Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf from 22/7/05 to 28/7/05, booked through United Vacations. At the time of booking I was informed of renovations at the hotel but I was assured/guaranteed by United Vacations that we would not be located anywhere near renovation work which is ongoing at the Hotel. I was actually told that United Vacations guests would be located in a different area of the hotel to any renovation work. I had also contacted the hotel ahead of our stay to request a non-smoking room (as United Vacations could only request this but not guarantee) away from traffic fumes as my son suffers from asthma and an Executive Assistant from the hotel e-mailed to confirm that this would be fine and that she had arranged it for us. You can imagine our disbelief when we arrived and were allocated a room (non smoking) on the ground floor (1st floor but on ground level), facing the bus station, with netting/scaffolding outside and a tramp sitting out on the street in front of the netting practically under our window! There was a sign in the room to say that guests should not open the windows as the renovation work was causing a lot of dust. The curtains were thick with dust! Wasting no time we asked for a room change and were told that the hotel was busy and that the only other room available would not be ready for another hour or so. Despite having just flown in from the UK and being somewhat tired and jet lagged we waited in reception for the new room. When we finally got into the new room we found that we were on the 3rd floor but we were still directly across from the bus station with netting/scaffolding outside. The curtains were once again thick with dust, we were unable to open the windows and the air conditioning unit was located on the floor, under the window and right next to the bed! So not only could we not open the windows for fresh air as we had the fumes/noise from the large bus station and dust from the renovations but we could also not put on the airconditioning as the location of the unit meant that the cold air blew straight into the bed and made the occupants freezing! The busses rolled into the bus station until about 1am and started up again at about 4am with engines running causing disturbed sleep due to the vibration and noise. We tried to contact the helpline numbers given by United Vacations but they were constantly engaged, in the end we just gave up and stayed out of the room as much as possible. Our son became very wheezy towards the end of our stay.The hotel on first impressions appears nice, the public areas are clean and presented well but this changes once you get to the rooms which are dark and dismal and need of decoration and a good thorough clean (particularly the curtains and air conditioning unit vents). The bathrooms really are small and poorly lit and the rooms in general are quite depressing and very basic. The wallpaper is dull, drab and peeling from the walls in places.The Hotel staff are indifferent and don't go out of their way to help, general apathy really. The conceirge staff are rude, brash and again not particularly helpful but then a good number of the local people we encountered in the area employed in the service sectors also appeared to be so! We have stayed in hotels throughout the world (always 4 or 5 *) and can categorically state that this is not a 4* hotel as described. It is actually more like a 2* hotel and the description is very misleading. The Reception area may well be 4* but the rest is only 2*. The pool is small, cold and unwelcoming so don't let the fact that the hotel has a pool swing your decision to stay as it really isn't worth it. The location is good and we did not have any problems getting around on cable cars or public transport despite the fact that the Wharf was heaving with tourists at the time. Lots of nice restaurants around.If you are booked to stay at this hotel I would strongly suggest reconsidering as it is not value for money and you could, without doubt, find a better hotel. We certainly would not even consider this hotel again and we would also not book through United Vacations again.	
Aug 4 2005	Starwood hotel disappointment - poor front desk customer service	Stayed at this hotel using Starwood points. 7/31-8/2/05. Booked in March knowing how busy SF is in the summer months. Did it matter? not a bit. More on this later. My family and I have travelled here and abroad many times using Starwood points; its benefits are outstanding in my opinion. This, however, took us by surprise, as it did not measure up to the level that we have been accustomed to with all the Starwood properties that we have stayed at. I could go on and on about this, but I will just point out the things that failed to meet my expectations: - front desk staff are not customer oriented. The two clerks that checked me in acted as if I owed them something, or that I was there begging for a room... Bad bad bad... - We checked in at 2;30pm so that I could get an upgrade as it is automatic upgrade (when it is available, true) - the idiotic clerk pondered a question at us stating if we knew that the SF marathon was that day? I told him that it was booked in March, and I could care less that the marathon was on that day..... then as if to justify why there are no 'better' rooms, he proceeded to tell me that they had to transfer overbooked guests to the Hyatt the night before. Wow... - This same clerk then tried to get some money from me and stated that he could give us an upgrade - for $35/night additional. I was pissed. I knew then that these people were operating on different terms... exhaustively told him that i was in no mood to argue and to give me a room EXCEPT the ones by the scaffolding or the bus depot area in the back. (thanks to tripadvisors tip!) ... he said this: &quot;oh you know about the bus area,too???&quot; That pretty much did it for me. - he gave us a room across from the lobby, overlooking the entrance - room 2112 to be exact. dated carpet. no, not a sweet sleeper bed. lousy tv channels. - by our 2nd night, remote control ran out of battery. called front desk, repair guy came 10 min later. then 2hours later (almost midnite), front desk called and woke us up, apologizing for the dead remote (but never mind that she woke us up right?) - offerred a free movie or 500 starwood points - i chose the latter. - The only plus IMO: the location. Ihop to the north; safeway and trader joe's to the east; 2 blocks to cable car; 1 block to fisherman's wharf; there's also a subway sandwich shop and 7eleven a few steps down. This, was my 11year old daughter's choice. Now if it was for me- I would have chosen the Westin St Francis. There's also Radisson, Hyatt, holiday inn around this vicinity. That said, I won't be coming back to this Sheraton again... perhaps until they can truly abide by &quot;the Sheraton promise&quot;.	
Aug 1 2005 	No great shakes but absolutely fine really	Stayed here for 5 nights last month whilst on a business trip. Good location if you are a tourist, I had a room on the top floor, a bit musty, very warm but if you switch the aircon on for the afternoon it's ok for the evening. No view as it's a block back from the waterfront. No excessive noise. They charge for anything that isn't tied down though, the water in the room was $5 a bottle. Ooh no hang on the coffee was free and when I left a note out asking for extra I got it so can't really complain. Didn't try the restaurant, went in the bar once, it was ok, kind of omni-hotel-bar if you know what I mean. Very efficient concierge desk. Car hire place inside the hotel, who advised us very well and were convenient. Would I go back? Nah, I'd find somewhere smaller, but this place is fine if you don't mind chain hotels. Oh and the staff were all really friendly and nice. This was my first trip to the US though so maybe everyone is like that!	
Jul 31 2005	Comfortable Hotel	Spent 3 nights in this hotel mid July and found it to be very comfortable. The room was bright, clean and nicely decorated with plenty of space. Bathroom was a bit small as mentioned in other review, but this was compensated by the fact that the wash basins are outside the bathroom. Could not be described as a room with a view but didnt spend much time in the room anyway.Location was good for the fishermans wharf area, with easy access to all other parts of town by trolley bus and tram. The city bus tour is well worth starting of with to get some orientation. Alcatraz is a must, but book ahead. If you are booking through the internet, make sure you go direct to the blue and gold fleet website, because some other agent sites charge almost double! A ferry out to Sausilito is also a great trip. China Town and Italian area have some good eating places.	
Jul 31 2005	Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf - Don't Stay Here!	What a disappointment. First of all, the location. I won't ever stay at the Wharf again. Once you're down there, it is near impossible to get out without a car or by taxiing every time. There's too many tourists so cable cars and MUNI get full fast. The hotel itself - sub-par service, sub-par rooms. Tiny bathrooms. Awful views. Cold outdoor pool (which they claim is heated). I can't believe it's rated as a 4 star. That is a flat-out lie.	
Jul 20 2005	Good room fantastic location	This is our third year staying at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf during the month of July. We travel from out of state each year for a family reunion and we have found this hotel to be a good value in a very expensive neighborhood. That said, here are some pointers if you pick this hotel for your Fisherman's Wharf location. The parking is pricey, currently running at about $32.00 a day. There are cheaper public parking lots nearby so you will need to self park to save on parking. The hotel's restaurant is OK but there are so many very good restaurants in the area that we always eat elsewhere (even breakfast). Ask for a room that has been refurbished. Maybe all the rooms are done now but last year some of our relatives had &quot;old style&quot; rooms. Our room this year was fantastic and faced the pool. We loved it as the bed was very, very comfortable and the room was quiet and restful.	
Jul 19 2005	Priceline - Warning !	This is a good example of the problems that can arise when using an on-line service like Priceline for booking hotels.I was bidding for a 5* hotel in the Union Square or Fishermans Wharf area for our 3 day trip to SF.My bid was accepted for this hotel and after reading the reviews had some concerns.On booking in my fears were justified - we were allocated the rooms on the side next to the bus station. These rooms are very noisy - the low frequency noise and vibration is disturbing and it starts at about 4am.I suspect that any guest who had booked directly with the Sheraton would not get these rooms, in fact a staff member told me that these rooms are always allocated to Priceline customers.thats the problem with priceline - you are always going to get allocated the worst rooms in any hotel.Don't ever bid for 5* Fishermans Wharf because you'll most likely end up in these rooms !	
Jul 17 2005	Great Location So-So Hotel	The husband &amp; I stayed there from Sat to Tue in early June.The location is great, walking distance to a lot of attractions, without all the noise &amp; traffic. The hotel common areas could use a little freshening up; the couches &amp; chairs in the lobby were starting to be stained and/or threadbare. The beds are great &amp; was one of the main reasons we booked a Sheraton. The one thing that started our stay on the wrong foot as our check-in: it took over 30min to check-in and they would not take my Starwood Preferred Number because I booked thru a &quot;consolidator&quot; (aka travel agent). I explain to the front desk that I did not expect to be credited the hotel room charge, just any extra charges I may incur (parking was $30/day!!! + internet connection $10/day, etc). He still did not want to put in my number. After a 6hr flight, I was not in the mood to argue, so we let it go.Keeping in mind that the hotel is a &quot;city&quot; hotel, the room size was OK, small if you compare it to &quot;resort&quot; type hotel rooms. There didn't seem to be enough staff for the guests, all the staff we saw were always busy helping multiple people at the same time. The concierge was not very helpful; when we asked how to get to Muir Woods, she just waved us to the pile of maps.When we go back to SF, we will probably not stay at this hotel, although they have the best hotel beds we've ever slept on.	
Jul 14 2005	Average Hotel	This hotel is in an excellent location, perfect for exploring the wonderful Fisherman's Wharf and surrounding city. Hotel claims to be a 4* although i would say it was more a 3 star. Hotel is in a noisy location with a bus depot near the hotel and so constant noise of buses was quite annoying and hotel on a number of occasions smelt of petrol due to the amount buses/cars letting off exhaust fumes.Swimming pool was an average size and hotel restaurant was very average with only a small, uninspiring menu.Rooms were adequate. Beds were very comfortable but overall rooms were small.Hotel staff were friendly and hotel was generally clean.Overall about the worst 4* hotel i have stayed in terms of room sizes, decor and facilities	
Jul 11 2005	We had a pleasant stay!	My husband and I enjoyed our stay at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf very much. Our room was spacious and clean and reasonably priced. The staff at the front desk was very friendly and accommodating. We enjoyed the lobby lounge and the friendly staff working there. Hotel is located in a good location. It was a short walk to Pier 39 and a half a block from the trolley stop. Overall nice stay!	
Jul 7 2005	Disappointing Hotel - Not what you would expect from a 4* Hotel	We wanted to end our California trip with something special, we thought.So we decided to book two nights at the Sheraton...The pictures on their homepage are very deceiving, considering that part of the hotel is covered with scaffolding.OK, The location is good, however, you have about a dozen hotels to chose from in that area (within 2 min. walking distance, one hotel is basically next to the other) which maybe a better choice.The room was on the 3rd floor. It was noisy and overlooking the hotels air-conditioning. The bathroom was really tiny and we had mold. They offer internet at $11 (without tax!) for what they call 24 hours, the only problem is that their 24 hours end at 12:00 noon (regardless of which time you decide to take it). I asked the concierge about this and received a snotty answer. Staff were not very friendly and customer oriented. The overall taste this so-called 4* Hotel left was very disappointing throughout.	
Jun 29 2005	There are better choices in the area.	I wish I could give this hotel a better rating because the staff was very accommodating. The restaurant was excellent and the waiter couldn't have been more friendly. The location is also very convenient.Now for the bad. Don't believe what they tell you about the renovations not being disruptive. Half of the hotel is still covered with scaffolding, including the buildings around the pool. If you can get a room away from the construction you will probably have a better opinion than I do about this hotel. The first room we were assigned was on the fourth floor in the &quot;executive&quot; section, which costs slightly more. Don't bother. They were pounding on the outside wall when we arrived and workmen were sitting outside the window with electric saws, etc. This went on for three hours before we requested a different room. Also, the room was in terrible condition. Two lamps didn't work, the wallpaper was peeling and the blinds were water stained. The front desk should be more aware of which rooms are affected by the construction, in my opinion.We tried to call the front desk to request a new room and were on hold for fifteen minutes before finally walking down in person. Once there, they were very accommodating, but we had to downgrade to the second floor. When asked about the premium paid for the 4th floor, he said that it was a wash because the new room had a balcony. Well, it did, but it was level with a roof of air conditioning units and had no furniture on it. That didn't really matter, but we should have received a discount. To be fair, the manager sent up a bottle of chilled champagne to make up for it, which was nice since we hadn't made a scene or anything. The new room was in MUCH better condition and appeared to have been renovated recently.The supposed &quot;executive&quot; room was identical to the standard room, so don't waste your money just to get an ergonomic chair. The regular room had the same desk and internet connection (for $10 a day). The property is old and the bathrooms are microscopic and the amenities provided are the cheapest available, I'm sure.Again, the staff was great. They let us leave our car in the driveway until we checked in so we could move it to the cruise parking garage. They didn't charge us anything, which was nice. The hotel is easy walking distance to the cruise port, which was our ultimate destination. We had dinner and breakfast in the hotel restaurant and found it excellent both times.Unfortunately, the staff can't make up for this dingy, chaotic hotel. There are many hotels in the area and I'd recommend choosing any of them over the Sheraton.	
Jun 29 2005	Much Improved	I had stayed here on business a little more than five years ago, and it was awful. When my current company decided to hold a 4-day meeting here, I was concerned to say the least. I was delighted to find, however, that the hotel has completely turned itself around. Although the outdoor pool was not fit to swim in (the pool man said there was &quot;too much dust around&quot; to keep the water pristine) the pool deck area was a fine place to relax or conduct small meetings. The guest rooms were spotlessly clean and refurbished daily, and the bed was, as others have stated here, excellent! Fisherman's Wharf is not an attractive area, but I was not disturbed by any noise at all.	
Jun 28 2005	great location poor room	Approaching the hotel looks very magestic and granduer. Reception very smart, but from there it goes down hill. The room was very basic and 80's looking, the place needs a big modernisation to bring it in to the 00's. Breakfast is reasonable, the only real plus is the location it is very close to all the main attractions. There is alot of outdoor work taking place so be weary of the views from these rooms. Bring a jumper when your in san francisco it does get windy and sometimes cold.	
Jun 27 2005	This was a nice clean hotel we had a great time	This was our first time to San Francisco so wasn't to sure on what to expect.The front desk personel were very friendly and let us check in before the normal 3pm check-in time.I had found a internate site that let us upgrade our room to the fourth floor Club level that included continental breakfast and hor d'oeuvres in the evening for a really great rate..We had a double room that was very clean and nicely decorated and had enough room for us to have a rollaway.The beds are so comfortabe and and it was very quiet.The restaurant was a little spendy but there were many different eating places around us so that was o.k.I think that the Sheraton Fishermans Wharf definately was worth the money and the locatin was the best for exploring the city..We would stay there again...	
Jun 12 2005	Great location great beds expensive parking	I just returned from a weeklong trip north up the CA/OR/WA coast and stayed at the sheraton fisherman's wharf on June 5th. The hotel is in a great location, especially if you are looking to utilize the ferries out to various point (Alactraz, Sausilito, Tiburon, etc). Now that Sheraton has made the sweetsleeper beds a permanent fixture of their hotels, you will certainly gets a good nights rest. The only real downside to the hotel is that the parking, while perhaps on par with New York City or any other equivalent city, is pricey. To park overnight, either self-park or valet, it will set you back $32. Looking back, I was glad I only spent one night since $32 was about 1/2 of what I paid for the actual room via priceline. Nonetheless, the hotel lived up to my expectations of a Sheraton and the location cannot be beaten if you are playing tourist while in San Francisco.	
Jun 12 2005 	Great Location but .......	Stayed at Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf because I was attending a conference in the area but wanted to get my starwood points. That said this property has a few quirks. The refurbishment seems to be taking for ever. The public areas have a distinct 70's feel and need some updating. As with others that have reviewed this I can say the beds are great, air conditioners noisy, ammenities a bit stingy, bathrooms straight out of the brady bunch, but room service very generous and nice. And the restaurant in this hotel may not have views but certainly has the best steaks I have ever eaten! And I have eaten hundreds they are just melt in the mouth. The front desk also needs more staff as there seemed to be a perpetual line up to check in or out which makes negotiating the lobby a bit hazardous.That said its smack bang in a tourist area has all the bells and whistles, is not a resort so you only sleep and shower there so it fulfills its purpose.	
Jun 8 2005	Great location nice hotel	My wife and I stayed 5 nights at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf starting Memorial Day weekend. I'm not sure you could have a better location for Fisherman's Wharf. The bay is 1 block away with Pier 39 only 2 block west. Also only a few blocks from one cable car turn around and 6 blocks from another (along with Ghiardelli Square and the old Del Monte cannery). The hotel itself is OK. The rooms are normal size for the type of city (space cramped cities like SF and New Orleans) but are clean. The toilet area of the bathroom is small, but manageable. There are 2 countertops in the sink area so that is much better. There was construction at the hotel (as other reviews have stated, the hotel is undergoing renovation), but we never even heard a worker. I want a nice place to stay, but I don't spend much time during the day in my room, so construction doesn't bother me. There really are no views from any of the rooms in any of the hotels in Fisherman's Wharf anyway. Other than the bellmen who were great, the rest of the workers all seemed OK, nothing special. Parking at $32 for 24 hours is the same at all hotels in the area. Overall an OK to nice hotel in a perfect location. Only other option for us would be the Tuscan Inn across the street.	
May 24 2005	Good location and value	We stayed at the Sheraton for one Saturday night in May. As other hotels were charging double the rate, I booked for $139 on AAA. The location is ideal if you have activities at Fisherman's Wharf, one block away. The hotel is three story and occupies a small city block. The facilities and rooms are well-decorated and the staff is most accomodating. Parking is at a premium at the Wharf with public lots charging $22+ at day and the hotel $30, but with return privileges. If street or construction noise bothers you, request an inside room. On the weekend, there was not construction but the scaffolding was in place on one side of the hotel. The street noise would be prevalent at most of the hotels on the Wharf. For our purposes, the location, price and the Sheraton quality was a good match.	
May 24 2005 	A pleasant stay	We arrived in San Fran wondering if we would be unhappy with this hotel after monitoring the reviews of the property. We are generally pleased with most Sheratons and decided to give this hotel the benefit of the doubt, with the idea to relocate to another property if we were unhappy. While the rooms are in need of a &quot;facelift&quot;, they were clean and comfortable. We found the staff to be very courteous with the exception of one individual in the club lounge. We expressed our concern with the management and he was very apologetic and seemed to take our constructive critism seriously. The location of this property is great ! Based on our experience, we would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Apr 26 2005	Good location Sub-par hotel	This place actually did the impossible. It made us actually WANT to leave San Francisco. My wife and I stayed here at the end of our trip and expected a lot more from a Sheraton. This place was tired, worn, noisy and all-told (as if you can't guess) extremely disappointing.We'd figured that Fisherman's Wharf would be a good place to round out our visit to the Bay Area. While that may be true, the same cannot be said for the Sheraton San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf. The place is desperately in need of a facelift. We were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a suite and I hate to think what our regular room would have been like. This one was straight out of that '70s Show - albeit without the burnt umber. All light blues, sky blues and steel blues, and felt very worn. The carpet was old, the furniture needed an upgrade, and the soundproofing was poor. Never mind the rooms next door - even with the windows closed, we could hear people outside. They might as well have been in the room with us. I generally trust Starwood properties. In most cases, hard to go wrong. When I learned that this one is a franchisee, it made more sense. Why Starwood wouldn't want to exert more control over such a prime location as Fisherman's Wharf in SF is beyond me. If I were running the show, I'd want to make it a flagship property. Clearly they do not. Whoever IS running it needs to get their act together.All told, I was very disappointed and the only reason this place gets a 2 and not a 1 is location. That said, there are likely better options in the area.	
Apr 25 2005	overrated 	To cut a long story short our stay at this sheraton was terrible &amp; horrible.Worn rooms with little bathrooms. Outside incredible noisiness. Rude behaviour of the reception staff. No possibility to change the room. Avoid this location.	
Apr 21 2005	Very Poor..	When we arrived (late at night), there was scaffolding all over the place, then we got put in the worst room in the hotel. The wallpaper was peeling off the wall, and our room was cramped and overlooked a bus depot where they were reving and reversing buses all night. Combine this with the fact that we had a really big single glazed window that did not seal perfectly - and we had a 0% chance of getting any sleep.EVENTUALLY we got moved to another room, but speaking with ANYONE in the this hotel is a total pain. All the staff are VERY poorly trained in my opinion, and for most of them, English does not appear to be their first language...Anyway - we were just getting over this hassle, when the dry cleaning in the hotel lost my cardigan. It was not an expensive cardigan, but what really rubbed me up the wrong way was the fact that they lost it, and then would take NO responsibility for having done so. I had to speak to at least 5 different people, and it was insinuated more than once that I was making things up - even though the item was clearly printed on the docket! To cut a long story short - a security guy (who I was forced to give a full statement to) promised to email me when he found out what had happened, and surprise surprise, over 2 weeks later - I have heard nothing.	
Apr 13 2005 	Considering the location	We were there 4/9 - 4/12. Considering the location, it was easy to overlook the small imperfections. We should have had a pool view, but due to the construction, we had our doors covered with plastic, no light or view. (But the housekeeping insisted on opening it each day.) The beds were AWESOME! I slept like the dead and can't believe how great they were. They made the bed everyday and there were fresh towels and refills of the soaps if necessary. The coffee was also restocked. I think it was worth the rate...$110.00 for what we got. I have stayed in much nicer hotels in the past, but if you are going to San Francisco, you don't want to see your room. It is super close to the Wharf, and Pier 39, and the buses are cheap and convienient.	
Apr 13 2005 	very disappointing	Stayed there for 3 nights in March 2005.Booked a nonsmoking king, received a smoking double....room looked like it had never been dusted. Very noisy room facing the busses. Bad housekeeping and frontdesk stuff.not recommended	
Apr 5 2005	Bad Experience....	I stayed at the hotel in the middle of January and I picked this hotel since it was close to Fisherman's Wharf. My family reserved two rooms on the club floor and nothing was served on the club floor. It was no different from the other floors and I payed extra for the extra services. The rooms were connecting, but they were doing extra loud construction outside of the rooms. The hotel was not completely sold out so they could have put us on a quieter side. Another major complaint that I had was that the comforter was badly stained. I don't know what it was exactly, but who would want to sleep on a bed with nasty stains? I left a note on the bed for the housekeeper so they could change it, but when I returned it was left unchanged. The carpet was somewhat stained also, and the wallpaper was peeling (practically hanging) and it was not a great stay at all. One last thing was the front desk was very rude. The lady that helped us as we checked out was did not make us feel as though we were customers. She had a very bad attitude towards us. One of the worst experiences I have had staying at a hotel. I do not think they should even be apart of SHERATON because it will only bring the name down. I would not recommend this hotel to those that want a pleasureable experience.	
Apr 3 2005 	Not bad not great	I just read the review from the Brazilian posting on March 29th, and I was staying at the hotel the same time. The hotel was PACKED all week long. It was spring break, tourists everywhere, and there were children running around everywhere. The entire staffed was visiably stressed out. Australian teenagers (10-15 at a time) going to the front desk to literally ask for four quaters for a dollar. It was insane. In light of the situatation, I can see how the staff let some things slip. I was there on business, and a little smile, a &quot;how is your day going&quot; or even a $5 tip for the concierge for being helpful made everyone relax a little. The hotel is under construction. You're not going to get a view. Even without the construction, there is no view. You're not staying on the bay. It's a good location, if you're a tourist and walk to walk to touristy places. Business-wise, and cool neighborhood wise, don't bother. It's ALL about the tourists. Rooms are pleasnt and spacious, the beds are SO COMFORTABLE, the gym sucks, the business center was not open at good times, the bar was good. The staff was overwhelmed when I stayed there. Was the service good? Not really. They should have staffed up for the busy week. I stay at Starwood properties over other hotels, and this one was not on par with what I expect from Starwood.	
Mar 29 2005	Except for the location...	The Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in the US (and it is far from being the cheapest). We have been there from 3/16/05 to 3/19/05. They treat their guests in a very bad way. Since I am traveling with my family, we asked for adjoining rooms, but even though the hotel wasn't full, the best they could give us was two close rooms facing a bus terminal. I advice you not to get rooms facing the buses because they are really noisy, even during the night. So we asked if we could change rooms the next day but no one answered or left a message for us. People from the valet are not polite also, and parking in the hotel is expensive, $36 per day ($32 + taxes). There is a parking in a mall right in front of the hotel that charges per hour in a maximun of $25 per day.The housekeeping was one of the worst things, since they didn't clean the rooms, they just made up the beds. We used the vine glasses and after housekeeping they were left the way we did. The same happened to the coffe maker. We made one international call, and for three minutes we were charged $44!! The same call with a prepaid card in a public telephone costed $5.The worst thing was the bellman when we were leaving. We called for someone to help us with our luggage and after 20 minutes and almost nobody checking in/out nobody came, so l went to the belldesk and asked again. After more 15 minutes nobody appeared, so I called again and the guy was very unpolite and told me that I should wait because he was alone. We were just so pissed off with this hotel that we got all our luggage from the room and put it in our car by ourselves. The bellman just kept talking in his cell phone and didn't do anything to help us. The only good thing about this hotel is the location, it is 5 minutes walking to Pier 39. I really disencourage anybody to stay in this hotel, it's really not worth it!	
Mar 23 2005	Enjoyed the Sheraton	Stayed here for a business/pleasure trip for three days the first week of March. Location is perfect for touristy stuff, within five minutes to Pier 39/Fisherman's Wharf/Ghiradelli Square. Got a Club Floor room for $115 per night with Starwood points upgrade. The breakfast and evening hors d'oeuvres were a wonderful perk. I took plates of goodies to my room and ate at my leisure. Also, Safeway grocery store right across the street and Club rooms have refrig to keep food and drinks fresh. There is little need to buy expensive food out unless you want to. I had no problem with the construction work, but street noise (even on the fourth floor) is very loud at night. That is really my only complaint. Bring ear plugs if you are sensitive. Room was big and very clean. Rooms very insulated from noise inside the hotel. Bed wonderful. All staff I encountered were friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 22 2005	OK but pricey	We have visited SF on two occasions and on both have stopped at this hotel.The hotel is is a good location (in some respects) as it is very close to Fishermans Wharf, and the accomadations are reasonably good.On the downside we had a few problems. One of them was that common hotel bugbear - people who let their doors slam no matter what the hour. This seemed to have improved by the time we revisited and the hotel had fitted better damping on the doors. Another problem was that as the hotel is only 2 or 3 stories high, you are never very far away from the street. In particular I would not be very comfortable on the ground floor especially as the area that the hotel is in is not the best. Noise is also a problem with one side of the hotel in particular being located adjacent to a bus depot and this was very noisy.The hotel is not particularly cheap and parking is extortionate ($30 a night) so I would never consider stopping there if I had a car.On the whole this hotel is OK and did not detract from our experiences in San Fransisco which we loved.	
Mar 16 2005	Good Location - but lacked style	Spent 4 nights there at the beginning of March - had been previously warned by the hotel that there were building works going on and these caused no hassle to us. Is in an excellent location for Fishermans Wharf (I don't think you could get closer) but the rooms were very bland/basic. I would recommend this hotel but would say don't expect anything glamorous.	
Mar 13 2005	Over-Rated! Not worth 4 stars!	I'm not sure how this is a 4 star hotel - the decor was pretty tacky, the wireless internet costs $14 (it does not say this online!), and the &quot;newly renovated&quot; hotel is still covered with scaffolding - I seriously thought our cab was dropping us off at the wrong place. I'd rate it as a 3 star hotel. I paid a AAA discount rate of $150/night and that was too much. The bed was the only redeeming quality! And its location at Fisherman's Wharf was good if you like that cheesy touristy stuff.	
Mar 6 2005	great stay	Stayed 2 nights here and enjoyed the location, room and amenities. It was the first bed in our 2 week trip between Phoenix and calif that we slept through the night. Perfect pillows and mattress. Would definitely stay at a Sheraton again just for the beds.	
Feb 28 2005	wonderful stay	My son and I just got back from S.F., and we stayed feb 19-23, 2005. We stayed on the 3rd floor, and yes the hotel is under construction, but it didnt affect us at all. The lobby has a wonderful, warm, cozy fireplace. The rooms beds are like everyone says..wonderful. Coffee maker (very important for me), cable tv are in the room. Room Svc is reasonable, but we chose to walk downstairs and order and bring dessert back to the room. Hagen Daas ice cream was hot apple pie was a great end to the long day of walking a wonderful city that I can't wait to go back to. I will definately be staying at the Sheraton again. I don't have anything negative to say, other than this one lady in the bar area, very rude....and I did complain about her. The hotel immediately gave us vouchers for b/fast the next morning. The concierge told us of &quot;Pergamino's on columbus, (walked to it from the hotel), and the best waffles ever! That b/fast was memorable. Very close to everything, F/wharf, pier 39, and pier 41 is the best place for crab and chowder, less expensive than pier 39.	
Feb 14 2005	Its in a great location	We sayed there on feb 4th and 5th. Got a great rate via Hotwire. We got bumped to a room with two full size beds (instead of a queen) as place was full (tourist groups). That was not so good.  The room was nice and what you's expect. They are doing some remodeling by the pool but I went swimming anyway and the pool is heated and I enjoyed that.  Its very close to the fishermans warf area and we walked to north beach.  We did not try the restraunts.  Parking is expensive but thats the way it is in san francisco so get over it.  Its a very satisfactory hotel. 	
Feb 9 2005	Great Place few complaints	We spent the week before Christmas on our Honeymoon at the Sheraton. GREAT LOCATION, ROOM NICE, AWESOME BED!!! We booked online and were told we would get whatever room was available. I called in early and requested a non-smoking room with king size bed. They told me they would see what they could do. It was exactly what we asked for, and they threw in a bottle of wine to our surprise. We didn't drive so the parking price wasn't an issue. We ate one night in the restaurant and it was OK. THERE ARE PLENTY OF RESTAURANTS ALL OVER, including an IHOP across the street so that didn't bother us. It was a great location, with bus stops right out front, right by Pier 39. I RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL IF YOU GET A GOOD PRICE ON IT. 	
Feb 2 2005	Parking ripoff spoiled my visit	I just moved out of San Francisco about a month ago and was attending an event there where we would be consuming alcohol, so as a responsible adult, decided to book a hotel for the evening. Also thought this would be a treat... a night in the big City for us (now) suburbanites, so I was looking forward to this. Checked in early (admit that was my first mistake) and got given a smoking room with 2 beds as opposed to the non smoking King I requested. A surly check in clerk pointed out that as I'd booked on Priceline, they didn't know what I wanted (really???) I did manage to switch to a non smoking room later in the day when the aforementioned desk clerk was off and another one was on! Even then though, they offered it as a &quot;possibly&quot; non smoking room (they didn't seem to know if it was or was not, and I had to go take a look for myself). The same surly clerk also informed me there would be a $32 charge for parking. I was horrified. Especially when I discovered this was exactly the same rate as the general public pays for parking at the public garage. So no on site parking and no price break on it for guests of the hotel. Frankly, that stunk.My other beef was that in a 4 floor building, which seemed very full of guests (judging by the number of people around at all times, and the problems I had getting a non smoking room), there are 3 elevators, only one of which was working. No signs indicated that only one was working, but all the guests had figured it out, and the front desk staff seemed unconcerned.No shower cap either provided in the bathroom!! :-)I'll end on a positive note. The bed and bedding were very comfortable... I guess Sheraton has made a big push in this area, and it was very nice. Also, in spite of the hotel's busy location, I felt they'd done a good job of noise reduction in the room, as we were not bothered by street noise unduly.	
Feb 1 2005	Loved the hotel! Hated paying more than others for parking!	We just got back from a beautiful weekend at Fisherman's Wharf. While the hotel is pricey, it's convenient to everything and the service is fantastic. The hotel is undergoing renovations, but don't let that keep you from staying here. The beds are soooo comfortable that my husband and I were interested enough to possibly buy one - unfortunately they're custom made only for the Sheraton. There's 2 cleaning times a day (1 is a turndown). We stayed on the Club Level which gave us continental breakfast in the a.m. and appetizers at night. Also included in these 2 food times is Starbucks coffee with the big cups to take yours away. This saves a few dollars if you love Starbucks as I do. Now the bad part. We were'nt told about paying for parking as guests prior to our arrival. It was $32.00 per night + 14% tax if you're a hotel guest. That means as a guest you pay more to park your car than some tourist off the street using the same parking garage! My suggestion is to park your own car and tell them you didn't drive, or find another garage to park in for far less money and hoof it to the hotel, or park your car at a BART and take the BART into the city. Parking was our only complaint.  	
Jan 26 2005	Wouldn't really recommend unless you get a GREAT deal	We arrived to find that our room was on the street level and EXTREMELY loud with tour busses right outside our window. In addition the room was quite small. Went back to the front desk and inquired about a quieter room and was told nothing was available since the hotel was under construction. Ultimately we were offered an upgrade to a quiet, larger room for $50 plus tax. He could tell we were unsure so he offered to throw in breakfast. The new room was quiet although hardly larger. Breakfast the following morning consisted of coffee, some pieces of fruit, a few croissants and some cold cereal in the concierge lounge. The gentleman in charge there was extremely rude. At exactly 10:00 he proceeded to kick everybody out, even those who were still eating their breakfast. We ended up grabbing a banana and a cup of coffee on our way out. Overall it was ok, but hardly worth the $200/night we ended up paying.	
Jan 10 2005	Brilliant Holiday at the Sheraton!	Firstly, I would like to say to all you people who have moaned endlessly about The Sheraton Hotel - GET A LIFE!My family and I stayed at The Sheraton in Fisherman's Wharf from 27 Dec 2004 to 3 Jan 2005 and were initially very worried due to all the negative reviews which had been posted on the TripAdvisor website. At the end of the day, we came to the conclusion that there are obviously people out there who just like to simply moan about anything and everything. Well, our advice to you guys is to JUST IGNORE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS!!We were called in the UK prior to our flight to warn us that renovations were currently being done at the hotel and that there would be some scaffolding up and around the outside of the hotel. Virgin advised us that the hotel staff were trying to move people around so they didn't have a scaffolding view.We arrrived after a 10 hour flight at 15.00hrs (which was 11pm UK time) and were feeling pretty tired. I asked Edita on Reception if there was any chance of an upgrade. She obliged straight away! She was very helpful and we were checked in within 10 minutes!When we got to our rooms, my mum, dad and sister's room had scaffolding outside their window, but the room itself was lovely. Two king size beds, a roll-away bed (which we had requested) all the extras you would expect. Mine and my husband's room was also lovely, exactly the same as my mum &amp; dad's room, expect no scaffolding! And the beds - well they were just so comfy. Plenty of pillows - my favourite being the small Sheraton pillow - it was so soft!The Sheraton is a brilliant location. Right near pier 39 and 41 and only a couples of blocks away from the cable cars.The hotel food is great and although not cheap, is very good quality! Afterall, we were on holiday, so we treated ourselves!The lobby is lovely with a georgous fireplace to sit and relax in front of. The buffett breakfasts were $15.95 for as much as you could eat - well worth it. We went along to the IHOP to see if it would work out cheaper, but it worked out roughly the same price, so we had breakfast in our hotel each morning.I could not fault this hotel if I tried - everyone there was so helpful and they always had a smile on their face!I would definitely recommend this hotel and if I returned to San Francisco again, I would definitely stay at The Sheraton!Ignore all the negative reviews! If you are due to visit this hotel in the near future - trust me - you will love it!	
Jan 4 2005	Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf OK	Spent Christmas week at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf in SFO. It was OK, but room decor was shabby. Bed was incredible---best I have ever slept in, but duvet was covered in a jarring bright blue, while upholstered furniture was a ragged turquoise. Drapes were unbelievably soiled and worn. Bathroom was comfortable and well-stocked with amenities. TV had only 15 channels with some favorites, like food channel, missing. Even on the third floor, and I had asked for a room away from the bus garage, there was still a lot of street noise, especially as the busses turned the corner right outside. Location was great---only a couple of blocks from Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf and I felt safe walking in the neighborhood. Food in dining room was horribly over-priced. At breakfast $6.95 for a granola and yogurt parfait, that consisted of a scoop of yogurt dumped in a bowl, 1/4 cup granola dumped over it, and about 4 strawberries. At other Sheratons I have seen this dish served in a soda glass, with lots of goodies attractively layered. Lobby was attractive and nicely decorated for the holiday season. George in bar was friendly and remembered my preferences after my first stop there. On the other hand, he wasn't exactly overworked. There are several other hotels in the area and I would check them out before reserving again.	
Jan 2 2005	Good location	I used price-line to get a very good rate on this hotel. The location is excellent. We walked to the wharf and beyond. I was first apprehensive because there were so many poor ratings of this hotel. When we first checked in we were told that there were no more non-smoking rooms. We were given the worst room in the hotel. Right next to the bellhop blowing his whistle all day, and the room stank. I complained very nicely and was given a room on the second floor that was bigger and didn't smell. I guess a little persistence pays off. The beds are so comfortable and have an abundance of pillows. For the money (it would have to be less than $80.00 since parking is $32.00) this hotel was worth it.	
Jan 1 2005	Most Comfortable Beds Ever	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton for 4 nights in June and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The room was spacious enough for the two of us and the decor was tasteful without being excessive, and as for the beds..... they truely are the most comfortable I have ever slept in - we have a very expensive bed in the UK so I am not exaggerating.The food in the hotel may seem a little pricey compared to some of the restaurant chains in the wharf, but you get what you pay for and we were very impressed with the quality of the steaks and the freshness of all the ingredients. The location is excellent and a good base for sightseeing. I can see others have criticised the hotel but I guess that some of these people may always have something to complain about wherever they go.Dont be put off by negative reviews - we thoroughly enjoyed it - much more so than the Luxor in Las vegas!	
Dec 16 2004	Ideal Base	The hotel was ideally placed for seeing all the tourist sights. We were one block from Pier 39, and one block from the cable car into the city centre. The hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff could not have been more helpful. The rooms were very nice and the beds were possibly better than my own bed at home. We only had breakfast in the hotel once as it was fairly pricey for what it was, but we were recommended the IHOP restaraunt which is just round the corner and is a great way to start the day. If you want a hotel that will act as a base for a few days in SFO, then the Sheraton is a good choice.	
Dec 5 2004	Above and Beyond	1 - Hotel rooms, while not huge, are a good size with lovely furnishings. Bathroom split between vanity and toilet/bath - very convenient. Beds are so so comfortable.2- Nice outdoor heated pool.3 - Nice restaurant, as well as bar. Monday nights they have bud-spud-steak for $12.95 - beer-potato-steak. Good deal.4 - Location is the best. Close to all Wharf activity. Five minute walk to Trolley.5 - Friendly staff, great concierge desk - and when Sheraton tell you &quot;if it not right, just pick up the phone and dial 0, and we will make it right&quot;. And they actually mean it.	
Dec 2 2004	Acceptable but not 4*	We stayed at the Sheraton during November 2004.It is ideally located for the tourist but our initial impression was a little disappointing. The rooms and corridors are tired and need updating.However, the staff were professional, helpful, approachable and polite. The restaurant is a pleasant place to start the day and the bar is ideal for wrapping the evening up.Before traveling to San Francisco we stayed at a 4* hotel at London Heathrow. I have to say that it was of a much higher quality than the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf (and cheaper).Would I recommend this hotel - yes I would but be prepared for 4* service but 3* accommodation.	
Nov 23 2004	GREAT LOCATION IN SF	I had an enjoyable four night stay here in Nov, 2004. The hotel is a short walk from Fisherman's Whaft &amp; Pier 39 where many excellent restaurants are located. There's also a supermarket across the street. The moderate sized rooms are attractive and the bed was very comfortable. There's a concierge desk for tours. The front desk staff were courteous and helpful. There's a restaurant in the hotel with daily specials. An excellent choice for visitors to America's most interesting city.	
Nov 22 2004	Really disappointing	This Sheraton is run by a franchisee rather than Starwood and boy does it show! Every aspect of our stay was disappointing. Fishermans Wharf is a loud area, but the windows and walls were so thin that we could literally hear conversations on the street from our top floor room! The suite we stayed in hadn't been updated in a long time. The furniture was threadbare and cheap, the linens coarse and the bed not very comfortable. The suite had a bar area, but both of the refrigerators there were broken. We eventually found that here was a working fridge under the sink in the bathroom, but who would have thought to look there?Parking is incredibly expensive ($34 per day + 14% tax) and you have to wait on line for the parking clerk to validate your ticket or to get the valet every time you want to use your car. The only good thing I can say about our visit was that unlike many hotels in SF right now, there were no stiking workers out front. Do your homework to make sure you don't have to cross a picket line to get to your room.	
Nov 22 2004	Sheraton Okay	Just got back from a wonderful time in San Francisco. The hotel was okay-a little run down as stated in the other reviews but overall it was fine. The location was excellent and everyone was helpful. Other hotels that looked very nice and close were the Best Western Tuscan Inn (I don't know the price, but it look wonderful for a Best Western), Radisson and Holiday Inn. These surrounding hotels looked newer from the outside. If the price is the same, I'd say go to a nicer hotel. The hotel is simply okay. I have a 5-yr-old son and the location is excellent for the little ones. San Francisco was just as great as everyone said it would be.	
Nov 9 2004	Save your money	On our way home from Disneyland, we decided to splurge a little, and stay at a 4 star hotel in San Francisco over the Halloween weekend. This was a mistake. If only we had researched the San Fran hotels as much as we did for Disneyland.The only thing this place has going for it is it's location, and rather comfortable beds.The $200/night room gave us a somber view of a bus terminal, complete with garage that had those deisel engines firing all night. My inquiries into another room were met with little or no concern, with the clerk advising me that there were no view rooms available due to the height and location of the hotel. But surely there must be something away from the bus terminal...but no. The room itself was small, and lacked a fridge and microwave ( a necessity when traveling with kids). The toilet didn't work properly, the halls smelled of smoke, there were cigarette butts on the ice/vending room floor. The restaurant food was a joke for the cost, even the bartender had trouble mixing a simple cocktail (2 tries, gave up and got help).The concierge was kind enough to give us directions to a dim-sum restaurant that had been closed for a week due to renovations.Parking is way too expensive at the hotel, although not much better elsewhere.On the morning we were to check out, I had decided I was not going to spend another dime in this place, but was not allowed to bring up the luggage carrier to our room, nor load our bags into the van in the parking lot (insurance reasons?)Fortunately, we spent most of our time outside in the beautiful weather, enjoying the spectacular sites of the Bay area.When we come back to Frisco, we will not be staying at the Sheraton.	
Nov 4 2004	Should be Motel 6	We stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf on July 4, 2004 and what a mistake. The people who give this a high rating must be used to Motel 6. $200 for an 8 x 10. Non-smoking, forget it. Everything seemed to be smoke friendly. Parking is next to impossibly and for a nice fee they'll store your car. The only plus is it's near the Wharf/Pier 39 etc.	
Oct 31 2004	Could have been better	My husband and I spent the week of October 24 in this hotel. It is in a great location - I loved how easy it was to get to just about wherever we wanted to go from the wharf area. The Sheraton also has a very courteous and helpful staff. However, the rooms were small and a bit old, run-down and tired looking. I expected more from a Sheraton with a four star rating. I found myself wondering when the rating was given. We never did try their breakfast buffet, because it is, in my opinion, expensive. Fortunately, there is an IHOP right across the street where we had breakfast every morning we were there. Overall, we had a lovely time and absolutely loved San Francisco	
Oct 20 2004	Best Place to Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf during our vacation in October, 2004. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel advertises their beds as being &quot;the most comfortable beds away from home&quot; and they are 100% correct about this. They also have a very nice sports lounge with courteous staff. I loved everything about this hotel - especially the location which was within walking distance from Fisherman's Wharf. Our stay in California was the best!	
Oct 12 2004	Lovely Hotel and Excellent Location	We have read many varied reviews of this hotel. We have to say that we were very impressed with the hotel, the service, the location and the overall experience. We took advice from trip advisor users and asked for a room away from the bus terminal which was granted and as we were on the second stage of our honeymoon , as we arrived at the hotel a bottle of champagne was awaiting in our hotel room which was a nice touch. To explore Fishermans Wharf , there can be no better location than the Sheraton and it was not even affected by the local strikes that hit surrounding hotels. We can only speak highly of this hotel , the staff and the management.	
Oct 8 2004	LOVELY HOTEL AND GREAT LOCATION!	This hotel is perfect for the tourist who wants to see all of San Fran.Fab location literally a 3-4 minute walk to fisherman wharf but in a nice quiet well lit safe area. I don't know why everyone has given this hotel really bad reviews beacause i found the staff to be great (even got a room upgrade on arrival) and the beds were the most comfy hotel beds i have ever slept in(new sheraton sweet sleepers). overall i found this hotel to be fantastic, ok the resturant and bar is a little pricey but your not made to eat/drink in them. i would most definatley stay here again.	
Sep 20 2004	Not much better than a Motel 6	I expected more from the Sheraton. Their staff was rude, the beds were hard, and if they didn't forget to leave tea bags, they forgot stirring sticks, sugar, or cups. One day we returned to our room and there were ants all over the coffee counter because the maids did not clean up.Parking was extremely expensive at $30 something a day. We could have stayed at a less expensive place for the same exact quality or even better.For a better stay I recommend the Nob Hill Hotel. The rooms are tiny, but very clean and comfortable. It feels very San Francisco.	
Sep 13 2004	Adequate but no more	View jaundiced by being given a room overlooking bus terminal, otherwise could not really fault. Breakfast buffet is excellent value, good quality and service very friendly. Location is great for the Wharf, with Alcatraz a must.	
Sep 3 2004	Great Location - That's it	The only good point about this hotel is it is close to Pier 39. I got a room on first floor, right by the road. I could hear buses and other auto traffic going by all night long. This hotel did not cheer me up, it is kind of dark and made me depressed. It is situated right off a main road, you don't really get any quite moment. I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN. Also they ripped me off with $30/night parking fee and their restaurant was very expensive. You don't need to dine here since there are so many restaurants in the area.	
Aug 31 2004	Much better than expected	From the reviews I read here, I did not expect much, but was pleasantly surprised.We did get a quiet room as requested (not on the side of the bus terminal!). The room was nicely decorated and very clean, everything worked well. The two double beds were broad enough for four people and very comfortable. The rooms vary slightly in size: ours was a little bit larger than the usual standard room. Also, the staff was very helpful and friendly.We did not find anything to complain about!Parking is very expensive at the hotel with $32 plus tax as overnight rate, but a slightly cheaper parking garage is just across the street (Walgreens, Safeway).Also, the location is great! Try the Cafe Pescatore, a very good Italian restaurant - moderately priced - across the street.	
Aug 28 2004	Find the maintenance man!	Stayed here from 24th - 26th Aug. From the outside the hotel looks shabby and in desperate need of a lick of paint. The lobby is much brighter and attractive. Our room had new beds and linen and if it weren't for these the rooms would look very tired. Our bathroom had a cracked sink and cracked floor tiles. Some of the staff were very helpful and friendly yet a couple were miserable.The pool was fantastically warm and lovely for a cold evenings swim. The kids loved it!Alcatraz - When you go to get tickets there will be a notice saying sold out for a week, however, don't despair, if you go down to the ticket office on the Wharf at 7.30am on the day you want to go you will get tickets as they keep an amount of tickets by for last minute sale. Make sure you make the effort because it is a fantastic day out - well worth getting up early for.	
Aug 27 2004	Good location....old hotel	The Sheraton is in a great location, very easy walk to the waterfront, attractions, and good seafood. But the hotel is old and needs to be updated, the rooms were pretty clean (nothing noticeable) but all the linens, towels, carpet, iron, etc were very old. If you don't plan on spending time at the hotel or in your room, then the location would make this hotel ideal. But if your expecting to relax in a nice hotel, then I would go else where. San Francisco is a great city and we will be coming back....but not at the Sheraton.	
Aug 23 2004	Could have been better....	We stayed there in Feb, 2004 &amp; I expected much more fr Sheraton. The lobby is beautiful, however that's pretty much it, the rooms aren't that great, kind of small. The location however is excellent, just a short block to the Wharf! The staff not too friendly. The restaurant in the hotel lobby is excellent, but pricey. I would go back there, not expecting an upscale Sheraton but an average standard hotel.	
Aug 22 2004	Basic but clean and friendly	We stayed here for 3 nights (8th -10th Aug), just the right amount of time to see what we wanted. Having travelled from Las Vegas, this hotel was always going to be second best! Check-in was efficient and it was good that my request for a quiet internal room had been granted. We had a view of the pool, but it was too cold to sit around it whilst we were there. Pack a jumper as it was exceptionally cold for August!The location for Pier 39 was excellent, we ate out every night. The cable car stops were within walking distance, we found the conceirge very helpful. You have to ride the cable cars and do a trip to Alcatraz but make sure you book well in advance. We booked before we left the UK and found that tickets were scarce once out there.We were glad we stayed in Fishermans Wharf rather than Union Square, but it's worth a shopping visit!	
Aug 14 2004	Very Clean	We really enjoyed our stay here. The room was nicley decorated and extreamly clean. The location is great for doing the tourist thing. The cost for parking is high ($32.00) a day, but welcome to San Francisco, it's the same everywhere.	
Aug 3 2004	Great Location needs upkeep	Sherton is in a great location for the Warf and Pier 39. The public areas are bright and shiny, beautiful flowers and generally gracious staff. However, it is time for the folks at the hotel to do some upkeep.The bathroom/sink areas of room were bright and shiny. Linens were clean and crisp, but the room needed a fresh coat of paint on the ceiling and absolutely needed new curtains. These were draw string and the cord was filthy and the curtains stained. The AC unit needed the vents cleaned.Location WONDERFUL...Upkeep SAD	
Jul 20 2004	Great Location loved it	Even tho reviews were not that favorable, we stayed here. The staff and hotel could not have been nicer....There is a small complex of stores (Walgreen's and grocery, etc) across the street. This was great, as we processed all my film for a bargain price, got muffins for breakfast and snacks. All at &quot;non-tourist&quot; prices. Walking to Pier 39 and 41, was a breeze.	
Jun 26 2004	A great base for your San Fran experience....	We stayed at the Sheraton for 7 nights recently and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel having read the reviews on this website.The location is second to none, a short few minutes walk from the Wharf area and excellent transportation links a block away that can whisk you to Union Square in 10 minutes.As for the hotel itself we didn't encounter any of the dated facilities that others have had problems with. The lobby area is immaculate and the front desk staff extremely helpful and knowledgeable. The room was above average size with two double beds which were perhaps the comfiest we have ever slept on. They brag about the Sheraton Sleeper Bed and I can see why now. Excellent. The bathroom area was nicely decorated in a nautical theme and the power shower is up there with the best I've experienced in the USA.Downsides to the room, the wardrobe and chest of drawer space was a little lacking. Air Con was a little noisy but that was it. Sure there was a little traffic noise outside but nowhere near as bad as we were expecting (perhaps we got lucky on room allocation).Only real negative was that our adjoining room we had booked wasn't made up according to the front desk and we were told to go down for the key to this room a little later. It turned out it was made up and we had to go back down to reception to get the key which was a little annoying although only 5mins out of our holiday. A small problem.All in all I wouldn't hesitate to book the Sheraton again. Good accomodation, great staff and excellent location. What more could you want?	
Jun 16 2004	Great location	My girlfirend and I stayed here for five nights in June 04.The Sheraton is in a great location. You are just one block or so from the cable car turnaround and a short stroll from the tacky, but tourist central Fisherman's Wharf. (Be warned though, if it's great nightlife you're after look elsewhere, the area goes dead from about 1030.) The hotel staff were friendly and helpful, and there is an adequate pool area.The room was clean, modern and a very good size although the walls are a little thin and you can hear conversations in the next room.But all in all a great place to stay in San Francisco.	
Jun 9 2004	Sheraton should kick it to the curb	Booked 3 nights through hotels for Jan 04. Checked-in. Checked-out 1.5 hours later. Booked a King, received a double. Terrible aqua-colored blanket on bed had many holes and cigarette burns. A/C unit was moldy and dusty. Room looked like it had never been dusted. Bed was uncomfortable. Room smelled musty. Desperately needs updating. Charged me for one night anyway. Took 6 months to get my money back from Sheraton corporate. Don't bother booking a room here. Stay downtown and take the cable car.	
Jun 8 2004	Wouldn't stay here again	We stayed here on Memorial Day. We got one of the worst rooms, I am sure. Two double (not queen, double) when we requested a king. The room faced the bus station (LOUD) and the bathroom stunk like mildew.The beds were very comfortable but sooooo small that my husband and I slept separately. The whole room was tiny.When we return to SF I doubt we'll stay in the Wharf, but if we do we will stay at the Hyatt. The lobby is much much nicer and hopefully the rooms are too.Also we didn't go to the pool but I wanted to add it was in shade the entire time. I bet it is always too cold to go in the pool, except maybe August?PS We paid $70 on priceline for the room.	
Jun 5 2004	Stayed at the Sheraton...	This past Easter Break (April 2004) my family and I stayed at the Sheraton in Fisherman's Wharf for a part of our week long stay in San Francisco. The hotel was really nice. Close to everything as far as sight seeing goes on the Wharf and all the tour meeting places. We ate at the hotel restaurant,The Compass Grill and the food was very good. Wewere disappointed with the breakfast buffet, though. We found there was lots to do nearby and also found a great restaurant on the pier called,&quot;Scoma's&quot;. It was excellent!! The extended cable car tour was very good as were the many different tours to Napa, Sonoma, Alcatraz and Chinatown all of which can be arranged very conveniently right at the hotel. The staff was helpful in making recommendations for restaurants in Chinatown, etc. as there are so many. We would stay there again. Also it's right across the street from IHOPwhich was a great place for a nice breakfast.	
May 29 2004	great location and comfy bed but......	GREAT LOCATION ,Hotel room nice clean,new and comfortable bed with alot of pillows(down and feathers if requested).The service lousy and had like 6 or 7 overcharges given to me but quickly removed from my bill with an appology.(good thing I checked so check your bill too )!THE SERVICE WAS LOUSY BY THE STAFF. DONT PARK AT THE HOTEL ITS $30.PER DAY BUT Park at the Wallgreens across the street from the hotel overnight parking is between $8.AND $12. FOR OVERNIGHT parking NOT A BAD DEAL trust me I CHECKED ALL OVER.	
May 9 2004	Great location	We were very happy with the room and beds and found the facilities to be very comfortable. Only problem was a lot of outside noise from an adjacent parking barn for city buses. Staff were very pleasant and helpful. Location was excellent for public transportation access and great for walking to many pier attractions. 	
Apr 21 2004	Noise Problem - Otherwise Adequate	Spent 5 nights at this hotel in Aprl 04, arrived to find only smoking rooms available although requested a non-smoking. Room allocated was a corner second floor room which overlooked both the garage and road. At 5.00 am the roads got busy with buses and trams resulting in the room becoming noisy and the lamp on the bedside continually rattling.Went down and cmplained to the front desk who admitted that this hotel does have a noise problem, after a discussion with the room allocator (very helpful) and duty manager (not so helpful) we were put in an internal facing room on the 4th floor. Whilst the outlook was the plant area for the hotel, it was much more quiet.Rooms are very spacious and extremely clean, beds as described were very comfortable.Would consider this hotel again at a push, much nicer to stay nearer the city centre. Fishermans Wharf at times looks tired and is smelly.	
Apr 20 2004	Not worth the money	My entire family (6 adults and 3 children) stayed at this hotel while in town to attend my sister's college graduation. We picked the location because we wanted easy access North of the Bay. The hotel was not up to Sheraton's standards, at least what I've experienced at other Sheraton Hotels. Our rooms were not ready and they could not give us rooms close together. The free cont. breakfast was a HUGE joke, thank God there was a IHOP close by. The rooms smelled and needed to be updated. We asked for a crib and I don't think it would pass federal safety guidelines. Security was non-existent as the door from the parking area into the hotel was broke so anyone could freely enter. The majority of the time we were there the parking gate was open so you could park free, but we were charged a daily rate (not fair!). In order to use the pool, it would have to be 100 degrees and no wind. Don't stay there just because it has a pool (our mistake). One good thing is that if you like to walk, this is a good location for that. Our view was of the parking lot, I don't know if any of the rooms face the water. Since we paid A LOT for our rooms, I would stay outside of the City next time and get more bang for our buck.	
Apr 19 2004	dissapointing	We have recently stayed in this hotel and found it really dissapointing. It did not live up to the normal sheraton standard.The rooms were dark,with small old fashioned bathrooms.The bath was stained and scratched and the washbasin was outside of the bathroom.The heater/air conditioning unit was poor with mould growing on the inside of it. The beds however were very comfortable with down pillows and cosy matress. There was no view from the room, in fact we kept the curtains drawn to avoid being overlooked by othe guests across the courtyard. Our childrens room was worse.The expelair unit in the bathroomdid not work,therefore the room was damp and had a musty smell.This room looked out ono he street where passers by could look in if the curtains were left open.There was no safe in either rooms,which was a bit of a nuisance as we had to carry valubles and money about with us. The breakfasts in the hotel were quite good if not a little pricey and the menu for dinner was very limited and expensive. We wished we had not chosen this hotel for our stay even though it was in easy reach of Fishermans Wharf.It was not four star in our view.	
Mar 31 2004	No Problems	cant understand the poor reviews , we stayed there last may2003 and will be there again june 2004. only gripe ..no room safe.	
Mar 24 2004	not bad	as soon as we entered the room there was the sound of the buses previous reviewers spoke about. immediately we requested another room and were more satisfied. no resistance from management. Okay, as far as quality i'm not going to knock them we enjoyed our stay. it's a great location. staff very friendly, 1 block from pier, however a six day stay here was far more than needed. saw everything within 3 days. you can only take but so much of the wharf. finally rented a car to see more of the surronding area. we had a rate of $99.00 per night which is adequate for this hotel. not as bad as some viewers rate it to be.	
Mar 19 2004	The pits	Stayed here in March 2004 and it was very poor. Cant believe its a Sheraton Hotel.Dingy, smelly and noisy with wafer thin walls. We had a supposedly better, Club Room with an ala carte breakfast buffet - in the corridor !!Location is very poor. Unless you like cheesy teeshirt shops. The hotel looked really dingy in the daylight. Avoid.	
Feb 25 2004	Smelt like sewerage - sounded like buses	Stayed here way back in October 02 but have only discovered tripadviser and felt I needed to share our horrible experience in the Hotel. We have been to US number of times and picked the Sheraton because we have always thought they were good hotels. Were we dissapointed. We had been to San Francisco twice before but had always stayed at Union Square and thought it was about time to check out Fishermans Wharf. When we arrived they told us we had a room with 2 double beds even though we have specifically booked 1 king - we could get over this, but when taking the long trek to our room the whole hotel smelt really bad (we later found out the area has a sewerage problem). We opened our window to air the room but found we were directly opposite a bus depot and a bus stop was directly under our window. We enjoyed a walk around Fishermans Wharf and dinner that evening and then a completely sleepless night listening to bus tires being changes and buses being revved up. We left the next morning (even though we had paid for 3 nights) and returned to the Handlerey at Union Square. Do yourself a favour and stay at the Handlerey and get the cable to Fishermans Wharf (Oh and take a gas mask!).	
Feb 12 2004	Great location	I stayed 4 nights 5 days at the Sheraton and am undecided whether I enjoyed my stay at the hotel or not. I was there with two other guests who had no complaints, but I am a bit more selective.The reason we choose the Sheraton was because of its location. We had considered going to a cheaper hotel, but decide to stay at a reputable chain. The hotel is located in a great spot, only a short block from the wharf. The Radisson by the way is across the street from the Sheraton, and you can get a room that has a view of the Wharf. Though, I donÂ t think the rooms will be as nice.The room itself was adequate, with two new double beds, TV and Internet access. Though I hated the bathroom. It looked clean, didnÂ t smell, but still it wasnÂ t what I was expecting. The beds where brand new and very comfortable. As I mentioned earlier, you really canÂ t get a good view of any of the local attractions from the Sheraton. If you stay on the 4th floor, and are on either the west or east end of the hotel, you Â mayÂ be able to see something?If a 5-star hotel, luxurious room, and a view arenÂ t what youÂ re looking for, then the Sheraton is a good option. ItÂ s a short block from Pier 43 Â½, the ferries, and 3 minutes away from Pier 39. The cable cars are 3 blocks away, so is Ghirardelli Square. If you are going to buy any cheesy souvenirs, buy them from the shops, which line the base of the Radisson Hotel. They are cheaper there. You can see all of the sites in 3 days, though you will have to plan your trip accordingly. ItÂ s best to take a day tour of the city. The hotels concierge has pamphlets. We went on one and loved it.Two pieces of advice, if you donÂ t like the room you have, you can literally hit 10 hotels within a 4-block radius of the Wharf. Second, there is a ton of homeless people at the Wharf. For the most part they are nice and harmless. Though, there are a couple of troublemakers. Its best to just ignore them, and donÂ t stop for anything if they persist.	
Feb 5 2004	Great bed	This hotel advertises their bed as a selling point. It was very comfortable. The hotel itself was average in it's service &amp; ammenities. It's a great location to stay if you just want to walk out of your room &amp; be near the tourist attractions and great seafood restuarants. I would stay there again if they offered a special price. We paid $89.00 and it was worth that, but not much more.	
Jan 27 2004	'A' for location 'C' for everything else	What struck me as odd was the disparity between the overstuffed furniture/fireplace/charming staff in the lobby and the hard mattress/budget bathroom fixtures in my room. San Francisco, more than anything else, is a walking town. At the end of the day (or night) of pounding pavement, one would think a bed is a bed is a bed. Not so. Fortunately, you can't beat the location: 1 block away from Wharf and trendy North Point neighborhood (Columbus Ave/Broadway) is a $5 cab ride away.	
Jan 18 2004	A perfect hotel 	I can't believe the negative comments I've read about the hotel. I booked a room through Priceline.com for $55.00 per night. I've stayed at the hotel on two seperate occasions, and it has been the best bargin I have ever received by far... in any country I've traveled... well there is a hotel in Prauge that may be a better bargin given it's location.The location of the hotel is a 2 -3 minute walk to the Wharf. Little Italy is seconds away. The cable car turnabout is a minutes away, and Safeway is across the street!Go Sheraton ... it's your birthday!!	
Jan 17 2004	Noisy location uncomfortable beds...don't bother	We had a &quot;comp stay&quot; here recently (but still had to pay the room tax, plus the hefty $30.00 per day parking fee). There are parking lots less than a block away for $15.00 per day. The room was clean but small, and no better than what you would find at Motel 6 or Super 8. The noise level (don't get a room near the motor court!) was unbearable at night, with cars arriving, valets yelling, homeless people swearing. The beds were extremely uncomfortable, rock hard. We are &quot;locals&quot; but it is appalling to see how much the tourists get ripped off. Better to check out some nicer hotels in Union Square or quieter area, then take cable car to the Wharf.	
Nov 29 2003	The worst Hotel in California and we stayed at many	Possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The staff were useless and we booked a double non smoking room and ended up with a twin and it was a smokey business room. The noise the the street was terrible and tiny Windows.Overal the only thing good about it was the location. A sorry end to our otherwise perfect Holiday	
Nov 2 2003	Probably wouldn't stay here again	We probably would not bother staying here again. Although the lobby looks nice, the staff was rude and the beds felt like we should be the Flintstone's sleeping on a bed of rock. View was not good. Ours overlooked a bus-stop and bus terminal with several loud homeless people hanging out. Although, it is in an easily accesible location. It's fine to stay a night or two, but see what else is out there!	
Sep 5 2003	Great location with great rooms!	We spent the last two nights of our holiday here and were really impressed with the efficient check in service and 'feel' of the hotel. Room was spacious and clean with great facilities - just would have been nice to have had a fridge for what we paid! We spent two other nights at Union Square at a hotel that was half the price, and although this hotel was far more superior - we did feel for the amount of time we actually spent in it - it was quite expensive and probably didn't utilise the hotel to its full potential. Howver, for luxury, a great surrounding and somewhere to get a drink at the bar when you return from your meal out - it was great. The concierge staff were also very friendly and helpful! I would definitely recommend it if you are looking for a clean, friendly, comfortable hotel, somewhere to relax and within walking distance of Fishermans Wharfe.	
Aug 16 2003	Not drab merely elegant	My wife and I stayed here for two days in June. From a tourist point of view, it was the right place to be. Close to all the things you must see and do whilst in the city. The staff were friendly and helpful and I must agree with another reviewer, the concierge was the best we have ever come across. We wanted to visit the Japanese Garden in Golden Gate Park, and the directions given for the bus and metro were absolutely precise and easy to follow, even to the point of telling us which direction to go once outside the hotel. Full marks! The rooms were a good size, well appointed and a fridge was available if you wanted it, and it was quiet, unlike many city hotels.	
Jul 2 2003	reat Location	Very good location. 1 block from pier 39. Very clean rooms. Not a good view. None are on Fishermans wharf until you go outside. Don't rent a car. $30 bucks a day to park at the hotel. Cable car 2 blocks away. Street car? Catch it out back. It's the best deal $1 with a transfer ticket. Safeway across the St. Add the fridge for $20, Safeway will pay off with food and alcohol. Ihop across the st. We took the Alctraz + City tour and wine tour. Both were excelent from all american tours. Get a map of the city and you have a blast.	
Jun 19 2003	Sheraton - Second to none	This hotel was fabulous. Stayed 4 nights in June whilst visiting SFO and was not dissapointed.The Sheraton is 1 minute from the Wharf and the Piers, and only 5 minutes from the trams ready to whisk you off downtown.Service was superb, and the staff were most helpful. Rooms were excellent, with good choice of TV, air con and a marvellous 'nautical' feel.Bar and meals were delightful. Have no doubts that when we return to Frisco this will be our place to stay.Marvellous, and for a reasonable price.	
Jun 15 2003	Fantastic time had in fishermans wharf	We have just returned from a fantastic stay in san francisco in the sheraton fishermans wharf. Thoroughly enjoyed the stay and the room was very comfortable, and very well equipped. There are no great views from the rooms but with so much to see and do and fishermans wharf on the doorstep you will not notice the lack of view. Breakfast was lovely with a great choice, service second to none, nautical theme throughout the hotel made it really feel like you were at the seaside! Would certainly stay here again when we return to SF.	
Jun 7 2003	Close to the Wharf but don't drive		
May 28 2003	Drab Drab Drab		
May 26 2003	Great Location!		
Apr 30 2003	In need of a make-over.....		
Apr 23 2003	Avoid this one!		
Apr 19 2003	Good hotel great tourist location		
Apr 15 2003	good value if you can find a low rate		
Nov 6 2002	Good hotel in Wharf area		
Sep 30 2002	Avoid the pool		
Jul 24 2002	Did not enjoy my stay here		
Oct 22 2009 	luna de miel		
Oct 15 2009 	???????????????		
Oct 14 2009 	Posizione ottima ma servizi troppo costosi		
Oct 8 2009 	Hotel Sheraton		
Oct 7 2009 	Fishermen´s Wharf		
Oct 3 2009	Ein Hotel in guter Lage mit angnehmer Athmosphäre..		
Oct 1 2009 	Bon hôtel très bien placé et trés agréable		
Sep 23 2009 	Bel hôtel dans le quartier touristique de SF		
Sep 2 2009 	Muy nuevo limpio y lujoso. Increíble por el precio de Hotwire.		
Sep 1 2009 	molto bello e molto efficiente		
Aug 7 2009 	Habitaciones ideales		
Jun 24 2009 	????????????????		
May 13 2009 	????????????????????		
May 10 2009	Sauberes und gutes Hotel - teilweise aber total laut!		
Feb 28 2009 	Hotel de lo mas cool		
Nov 30 2008 	Muy bien situado		
Nov 13 2008 	Hotel excepcional		
Oct 13 2008 	Bon hôtel sans surprise		
Sep 26 2008 	Perfekt!.		
Sep 18 2008 	Tolles Hotel in toller Lage mit tollen Cookies ;)		
Aug 2 2008 	Hotel perfetto per il viaggio di nozze		
Jun 28 2008 	Gemütliches Hotel in lebhafter Lage		
Feb 20 2008 	Bello con qualche pecca		
May 24 2007 	Einfach grausam		
