	Good Value good location - ideal choice.	We made a reservation here after taking advice from other Travellers from this site. Arriving after a 11 hour flight at midday, our quiet room over looking the court yard was ready for us. The room was not overly big, but clean and very comfortable beds, a great shower and very clean bathrooms. Nice decor and good amenities. Thoroughly recommend the Cafe Pescatore adjacent to the hotel as the food is very good. Ideally located to Fishermans wharf, the cable car, plus a supermarket across the road. Staff are friendly and helpful (they even bought us some English Tea with hot water).The wine reception is a great idea as it is nice to meet other travellers and great having access to the free Internet access in our room.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great Location - Nice (but small) Rooms - Helpless Concierge	After extensive research for our few days in San Fran, I finally selected the Tuscan Inn. It was a great choice! The location can't be beat. The rooms were bright, clean and the windows open. What I noticed most is the room (king size) was very small. It was difficult to find a spot to put two big suitcases --- to live out of for several days. So we were constantly stepping over them and around them. There is an in-room safe which is great. The room also had a small refrigerator but it was kept behind lock and key. Why? We don't know and were too busy to really care, but found it odd. Another odd thing we noticed is a majority of the room doors opened OUT into the hallway, rather than into the rooms. Ours opened inward, but we definitely noticed most opened out. Our room was very quiet and the window opened up to overlook a cute courtyard. The lobby also had several great gathering areas for meeting your party or just sitting to enjoy your book outside the room.Next door is a Safeway and a Barnes &amp; Noble bookstore. Both of which were great for stocking up either on water or grabbing coffee in the morning. The Wharf is just a short walk up the street, as is a laundry mat if needed and the stop for the Muni cars.The several gentlemen who worked the front desk in the evening were great and all were very helpful during our stay. They were also very patient in explaining directions on the map etc! The staff in the morning seemed to need another cup of coffee as they weren't excited to see us. Just a difference in personality I would assume.We did ask the Concierge, located in the lobby, a few questions one morning and realized that to be a mistake. Both of us having worked in tourism for over 14 years were very disappointed at the level of service provided by this gentleman. No suggestions of &quot;I would recommend, if you are in that part of SF then you should try to eat dinner here, here or here. Some options for sightseeing there would be X, Y, Z.&quot;It was very apparent to us that we were beneath his level of being a worthy tourist.The Room Attendants were excellent and friendly - very accommodating to our late morning departures before making up the room - and our room was always very clean with fresh towels as requested.I would stay here again.	
Nov 12 2009 	I wanted to love it but it was just okay	Based on the reviews here on TripAdvisor, I expected to love the Tuscan Inn, but I have to say I was underwhelmed. The location is good, and the overall decor is nice, but there was nothing that I can really rave about.This was our first trip to San Francisco (myself, my husband, and two teenage children) and we stayed at the Tuscan Inn for two nights -- a Saturday and Sunday. The first night we had a room on the outside perimeter of the building, facing Mason St., and the street noise was absolutely unbearable. It was not just cars and traffic (which I would understand) but screaming, yelling, honking, and all kinds of commotion -- especially at about 2am, which is when I'm assuming the local bars let out. The noise from inside the hotel was not much better. The walls were paper thin, and my son woke up in a panic at one point because he thought the voices he was hearing were INSIDE our room. We asked to be moved to a quieter room the next day, and the front desk was very accommodating (I got the feeling this happens all the time). The second room was smaller, with a very inconvenient bathroom layout, but at least it was quieter and we were able to sleep. We never tried the coffee/tea in the morning or the manager's reception in the afternoon (we were out sightseeing most of the time), though they are a nice touch. Our room rate included breakfast, which was a croissant and fruit at the on site restaurant. It was fine but, again, nothing I can rave about. Overall, it was a good location, but an average hotel with serious noise issues.	
Nov 11 2009 	A perfect hotel a perfect location perfect staff!	My wife and I, along with my sister, stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn Fisherman's Wharf. We stayed from November 6 through November 10, 2009. This was our first ever visit to San Francisco, as we are from Tennessee and my sister is from North Carolina. We have been many places, in many states, and even out of the country a few times. I left San Francisco and the Tuscan Inn, very happy and highly impressed. I can not tell you a single bad thing about the hotel. Everything was perfect from the minute we arrived, until when we left to go home. I highly recommend and urge you to stay at this great hotel. The place is exceptionally clean in all areas, up to date and nice. The front desk staff is more than eager to help, smile, make you happy. We were always greeted with a big smile and happiness, even when very busy. The location is perfect to pier 39 and surrounding areas. I am proud of myself for picking this hotel, and I assure you that I would stay nowhere else in San Francisco, other than the Best Western Tuscan Inn. If we had any questions about getting to somewhere, the front desk people were knowledgeable and always printed us precise directions that got us where we were going fast and safe. The room was on the 2nd floor and was spotless and very cozy. The room was very nice and quiet. We had no complaints at all. We were right beside vending machines, which was great for me to get a drink, after all the walking! The elevators were fast and clean. The outside of the hotel was clean as well. I would like to say thank you to everyone at the Best Western Tuscan Inn, for making our first trip to San Francisco a perfect, memorable time in our lives. You ladies and gentlemen did a fantastic job, and my family will be back to San Francisco soon, and will be staying again at the Best Western Tuscan Inn. All who reads this review, I recommend you stay there as well, as it will exceed your expectations.	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice and convenient	Very nice hotel that is convieniently located to cable cars, f line, wharf, etc. Very clean and comfortable.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great location!	We went to San Francisco in September and decided to stay close to Fisherman's Wharf because we stayed downtown when we were there 17 years ago and spent most of our time down at Fisherman's Wharf because we enjoyed it so much. My husband found this hotel on Trip Advisor and it ranked very high and we weren't disappointed at all as it is in a great location and a very nice hotel. The rooms are on the small side but they're still big enough to be comfortable and are decorated very nicely. The staff is friendly and we only went to one of the &quot;Happy Hours&quot; for a glass of wine as we were either at the baseball game (very much fun) or on the two tours we took in - busy time! They also have a computer available with free internet which is a nice bonus but I didn't find that out till the day before we left but was still able to get on there to check our flight to Vegas the next day. There are lots of restaurants close by plus a Safeway just across the street so that is very handy. We will definitely stay here again and will recommend this hotel to others if they're planning a trip to SF!	
Nov 7 2009 	TUSCAN INN - WONDERFUL HOTEL	A friend from high school and I went to San Francisco for a week Oct 25 – Nov 1. We stayed at the wonderful Tuscan Inn. From the time we got there until we left we were treated superbly. The front desk and the concierge staff were very helpful when we had a question. The morning coffee and tea and the afternoon reception were wonderful. Housekeeping was efficient and friendly. One night we had a problem with the television. We called the front desk and the man they sent to our room got the problem fixed immediately. The rooms were spacious and clean. In the restaurant the waiters and waitresses were very friendly and extremely professional. The only downside of the Tuscan Inn was that the ice machine on the floor we stayed on was broken for the whole week.The hotel location was perfect. Everyday we would start our day with coffee and tea. Then we would walk out the front door and walk down to Pier 39 which is two blocks away. From there we could get to anywhere we wanted to go in San Francisco. All the buses and trolleys had stops at Pier 39. Also the boat to Sausalito left from Pier 39. The Cost Plus Market is next to the Tuscan Inn and we went there and get great wine. Across the street from the Tuscan Inn was the Northpoint Shopping Center which has a Walgreens, grocery store and a hair salon. We asked a man working at the grocery store for directions to another store and he walked out of the grocery store to show us where the other store was. What a nice person! We went to the hair salon and they did a fabulous job on our hair.We saw the show Beach Blanket Babylon and it was fabulous. A must see in San Francisco.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great location and service!	My husband and I stayed for two nights at the Tuscan Inn and enjoyed it's great location to Fisherman Wharf and proximity to San Francisco's streetcars. We were able to get anywhere we wanted very easily. The rooms are clean and tidy. The staff is helpful and knowledgable. We enjoyed every minute of our visit and will definitely stay at the Tuscan Inn next time we are in San Francisco.	
Nov 3 2009 	Perfect Location if you are Cruising from San Francisco	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for one night pre cruise and found the hotel to be an excellent choice. We had reserved direct with hotel well in advance of our stay and got a very good rate. The room was clean and comfortable and the staff were friendly and helpful. The location was perfect for perusing the shops at Fishermans Wharf, we had dinner at Nicks's Lighthouse - the food was fine but the rest rooms were in a horrendous state, which completely put us off. There is a supermarket located opposite the hotel which was ideal for last minute purchases.We had a problem with the internet access, but as we didn't report it at the time, we were still charged however this was a minor inconvenience for us.If we return to San Francisco we would definately stay here again so that in itself is a good recomendation.	
Nov 3 2009 	What a great hotel terrific location!	I was in town for the AAO conference, the Tuscan Inn was the 2nd half (the leisure half) of the trip. Considering the rate $165 nite, and the location, 2 blocks from Fisherman's Warf, this is a terrific value. We stayed on the &quot;back', not a sound. Large comfortable room, wonderful bathroom. The complimentary wine from 5-6 in the lobby is a nice treat, sitting by the fire makes it even better! The staff was very helpful, got two great suggestions for dinner on the water, and booked the shuttle back to the Airport, way cheaper than a taxi! Heck, the adjacent Cafe Pescatore was just what we needed one night, and it was surprisingly good too.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location would stay here again	We stayed here for 2 nights and were very pleased with this hotel. It is in an excellent location, which you need for such a short stay. We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go or at least walk to the tram station to go downtown. The service was good, very friendly staff and we loved the free wine reception each night. The rooms were nice, very comfy bed and very clean bathroom. Parking was expensive but I think this is common for San Fran. Check in and check out were timely. We were greated with a welcome note and chocolates in our room on arrival which was a nice touch. I would highly recommend this hotel. We hired bikes and rode to the golden gate bridge, did the alcatraz tour and wandered around fisherman's Wharf. All excellent activities. We loved Fisherman's wharf. I recommend you go to Boudin Bakery for lunch and Lou's Blue's bar was great for dinner and entertainment. Would definitely stay here again but would hope to get it a bit cheaper priced next time. Overall a great hotel, awesome location, felt very safe everywhere we went.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location and value	My husband and I would highly recommend this hotel. We spent two nights at the beginning of our week long journey down Highway 1 to Los Angeles. We couldn't have been happier with the location and our room. We certainly appreciated the upgraded room and the bottle of champagne waiting in our room when we arrived to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. Very nice touch. Fisherman's Wharf is just two blocks away and there's a drug store and grocery store just across the street. Also, thanks to Ken the concierge for recommending Grand Limo service. We hired a town car for three hours to take us on a private tour of the city. Sal the driver was very nice and informative. Would highly recommend Sal at Grand Limo. Can't wait to return to San Francisco and the Tuscan Inn.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great location	Had a very good stay at the hotel,everything clean and modern,absolutely great location for all the tourist attractions.The staff at the desk very rarely welcomed you back from your day out sightseeing etc.Also heard people in elevator talking about getting discount vouchers for having an evening meal at the hotel but we weren,t offered anything,having said that ,still had a very good time in San Francisco.	
Oct 17 2009 	nice hotel	2 blocks from fishermans wharf, close to tourist attrractions. has free wireless and help you with transportation needs. definitely would stay there again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great place to stay.	We stayed at this hotel for three days on our way to Hawaii and as I suspected it wasn't long enough. The hotel is ideally situated in Fishermans Wharf and literally only a 5 - 10 minute walk to Embarcadero and all the piers. We had bed and continental breakfast and it was excellent. The nightly free wine tasting from 5 - 6 pm is a brilliant idea and gets guests together to socialise witheach other. The restaurant is not cheap but is very well patronised and the service is very good as is the food. We could not fault the hotel and will most certainly stay there again when we return to this beautiful city	
Oct 13 2009 	Nice Hotel	The hotel was great. we were not there a lot, but the location was great. two blocks from fisherman's wharf!	
Oct 11 2009 	fabulous find	This was my third time in San Fran but my first time in this hotel. What a find.It is 2 minutes from Wharf and has a fabulous Italian restaurant which I usedtwice during my short stay. They have a happy hour where you have a couple offree drinks between 5 and 6 and this gives you a chance to meet other travellers.A great idea, we took advantage. I would definitely return to this hotel.	
Oct 10 2009	Amazingly like home	Tyler, the front desk manager made my weekend get away amazing. He answered all my questions before we even arrived then upgraded us to a suite at no extra cost. After a day of walking and sightseeing it was wonderful to be welcomed back to your hotel with glass of wine by the fireplace and chance to share the day’s stories with other travelers. Located near all the tourist attractions this hotel is perfect for catching tour buses, cabs, etc to do lots of sightseeing.	
Oct 9 2009 	perfect location	Hotel is in perfect location. Within walking distance of shops, dining, cable cars and fishermans wharf. there is a fee for parking but well worth it seeing no where to park if you do have a car. free wi-fi and happy hour wine every afternoon! staff was helpful. rooms somewhat small but clean and comfortable. would recommend this hotel!	
Oct 8 2009 	We enjoyed Tuscan Inn location and large room	We booked a 1 bdrm suite with fold out sofa for kids. Bedroom with King and nice sized living area. Can't beat the location. A bit pricey, but hey, it is San Francisco. Overall, we were pleased.Food at manager's reception was VERY skimpy, especially considering a full house. Service was spotty; Front desk was marginally helpful. Housekeeping was good. One concierge was great, the other was bad. Valet was great...but then they usually are! Business center was under construction (I guess). One computer in the lobby was either always busy or not working. What's up with that!?	
Oct 8 2009 	Tuscan Inn Made Our First Trip to San Francisco a Hit	Location was fantastic! 3 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, Boudin's for fresh sour dough, Pier 39 and easy walking access to everything else in the area including CVS Pharmacy and Cost Plus (where we purchased wine from one of the wineries we visited in Sonoma.) A short walk takes you to the cable car turnaround, and be sure to stop across the street at for a crab melt and a Ramus fizz! This tuscan-themed hotel was charming, clean &amp; comfortable and the complimentary concierge service was so helpful. The daily wine tasting held in the lobby was also a welcome perk. Our room was very clean and newly furnished, but could've used some sheets that fit the bed a bit better. Overall, had a great experience here.	
Sep 29 2009 	Simple 	Nicely located, clean, simple hotel. Although we arrived after 3pm, rooms were not ready and we were asked to wait. We had 2 rooms, both were clean and ok, but strangely set up (when opening bathroom door you block passage to room's door) and sparstly equiped (not enough hangers, towels, etc.).Don't think it deserves 4*, 3* more like it,	
Sep 29 2009 	Lovely place	I had a great time here! I would definetley come again!	
Sep 28 2009 	Would Recommend!	We stayed here for 2 nights, the rooms are lovely, very clean, modern, and comfy! Our room looked out onto a pretty kinda courtyard area, we did feel a bit overlooked, so kept the blinds closed which was a shame. The parking was free, which was great, and the hotel was conveniently located for public transport, and local attractions. I had very, very itchy sore eyes whilst staying here, I think this may be because it is a pet friendly hotel, so if you suffer with allegies, you may wish to stay clear! However, I should reiterate that the room looked very clean!	
Sep 27 2009 	Better Than 2007 and That Was Pretty Good!	I stayed at this hotel in November 2007, and returned earlier this month. Of the four hotels I have used in San Francisco, this one is by far the best.My major complaint two years ago was the lack of a public access Internet computer for guests, and that has been corrected. My only complaint this time is the phone book in my room was 2 years old.Was the room small? Not as small as in London hotels, and It was primarily for sleeping; I was out and about most of the time.Did my room have a great view? No, but if you just want to see San Francisco by looking out the window, you might as well stay home and watch a travelogue on TV.As for in-and-out parking, I have seen a lot of San Francisco with no car at all. The city has outstanding public transportation, and it's a great place for walking, too.It's hard to sympathize with some of the whiners who have written derogatory reviews of this hotel. I found the concierge and front desk staff to be helpful and the housekeepers to be quite good.I have stayed in some pathetic hotels both in the US and abroad; this was not one of them.	
Sep 25 2009 	Just Ok	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and thought that we booked 2 queens, however they were in fact 2 double beds (there are no 2 queen bed options). The hotel was just ok. It was in a good position with a short walk to to Fishermans Wharf. Importantly the room we stayed in was clean and reasonably comfortable. It was a little noisy (outside) as we had a room that overlooked the main road.The hotel seemed to be very 'warm' inside which meant that you needed to run the air conditioner to get the room to a reasonable temperature. A small point that was frustrating was that the air conditioner was located on the floor which meant that when the air conditioner was on it blowed air straight into your face when lying down on the bed closest to the air conditioner.The check in &amp; check out were very efficient, however my personal opinion was that the staff did not go out of their way to be friendly or welcoming.We dined in the restaurant in the hotel. The meal was very nice with a great atmosphere.Overall for the price we paid, it was a reasonable hotel.	
Sep 22 2009 	A bridge not too far (Golden Gate)!	We stayed here on the 22nd August for 3 nights. Upon arrival at the airport we decided to get the BART to Embarcardo Centre and then a taxi to Fishermans Wharf. The total cost for 2 was $26, half the price of a taxi direct from the airport. On arrival, were met by friendly reception staff. We did ask for a double room but we ended up getting a twin room, number 220. Upon checking in we were also given complimentary breakfast tokens for the days we were there. We didn’t expect this, so it was nice touch. We were also told of the free wine reception at 5pm, great idea as it meant you could chat to your fellow guests. We managed it every night! Our room, which over looked the main street consisted of twin beds, a small wardrobe, TV and fridge (this was locked though). In the wardrobe was your safe which cost $1.65 per day. Our room also had a mirrored wall which gave the illusion of the room being bigger that it actual was, however it was spacious enough for us. Bathroom was spacious too and very clean. Fresh towels were supplied every day.  Breakfast was served in the hotels Italian Restaurant. As we were given complimentary tokens we each received a huge bowl of fresh fruit salad consisting of pineapple, melon, banana and strawberries, toast with jam &amp; butter, a huge glass of orange juice and tea or coffee. Breakfast was delicious. Location could not be better. It was a 15 minute walk to Pier 33 (Alcatraz Cruises), so you were within walking distances of all Fishermans Wharf attractions. We did the Alcatraz night cruise (I booked direct a few months before), a Segway tour (great fun) and hired a bike for the day. We cycled across the Golden Gate Bridge which was very easy and not too far from Fisherman’s Wharf. You were also only a 5 minute walk to the cable car turnaround at Ghirardelli Square, it cost $5 for one journey. It seemed easier to wait in line to get on here than try and get on further up the stops – very popular and busy. We would definitely recommend the Tuscan Inn.	
Sep 21 2009 	A lot of icing little cake.	I am having a hard time understanding the positive reviews for this hotel. I guess some people go for image. I was looking forward to a nice stay based on what I had seen on BW website and the reviews here. I was disappointed. This is the type of hotel that has a fancy lobby and nice pictures and decorations throughout the building, but as for substance--lacking. My room was supposedly upgraded to a larger room, but if this was the case I'd hate to see the smaller rooms. The room had fancy colorful furniture, but was small and lacked certain things a higher-priced place like this ($170) should have. There was no hair dryer, no microwave, and I am still not sure if I was using shampoo or some type of lotion (the tube didn't really say clearly). Their windows were stylish, but who cares when the view is lousy and they are small and only open slightly? They have a parking garage, but they make you leave your vehicle for them to park (it costs extra to park) and then if you want to take a drive later, you have to wait for the staff to get it. I did this and it took them a long time to get my car. There is no real parking space, so I had to pull up in front of the hotel in a small space. If there were others wanting in at the same time, someone would have had to park on the street or drive around the block. Also, the location is dull; nothing of real interest withing a couple of blocks all around. There is a restaurant adjoining the hotel, but not owned by the hotel, where I ate dinner. The food was okay but not great. The only really good thing about the hotel was I didn't have to pay for it since it was a business trip.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Value For Money	Best location in Fisherman's Wharf. Within walking distance of shops, restaurants and tours. Free internet access and Happy Hour every afternoon. Concierge was extremely helpful and we were able to plane three great tours for three different days. Very clean and the house keeping was fantastic. Had to pay for use of safe but was great value for money. We booked one month in advance and received a great discount.	
Sep 16 2009 	Nice location...terrible staff...	When we checked into the Hotel, we were given a 'double' room instead of the King we had booked for our romantic weekend. When confronted about the 'mistake' on their part we were told that we were wrong, until we showed the girl at the front desk our print off from Hotels.com. Instead of apologizing and correcting the issue, we were told that nothing could be done until the next day. Not even a smile was sent our way. The Tuscan staff moved our packed luggage into the new room, and my husband and I discovered that both of our phone chargers were missing. When we approached the Manager about this, we were accused of not packing them to begin with. Finally, we were told that the Manager would run out and purchase our charges that day and overnight them to our home. None of this was done, and now we are forced to go and purchase them ourselves. Nothing has been done to correct our issues while staying at the Tuscan. This experience has left a very poor taste in our mouths, and we will definitely never stay there again. I will also make it a point to never recommend this hotel to any of my friends or family that travel to San Francisco in the future. Which is a pitty, because the location was wonderful, and two of the staff members were really nice.	
Sep 15 2009 	Girls Weekend was PERFECT	First - Kudos to Lita in the office. Our planning for a girls weekend was wonderful working through Lita - she helped with EVERTHING and made sure we were taken care of. Upon arrival, check in was a breeze - wine was delivered to the room - all was great. The hotel was perfectly located down by the wharf - and we could get to everything very very easily. Check out a breeze also. We would go back in a heartbeat.Phenominal Service, great room, great location - couldn't have asked for more.	
Sep 14 2009 	Good location small room	Good location for most tourist sites, i.e. Alcatraz, cable cars, bike rentals, Golden Gate bridge, Fisherman's Wharf, restaurants, shopping. Clean but room was small and view from window was a tiny courtyard. A balcony would have been nice.	
Aug 27 2009 	nice but cramped	Upon entering the elegant lobby we were greeted pleasantly by the staff. We did not have a reservation so our room selection was limited. While the room was clean and adequate it was very small with windows that across a miniscule courtyard to other windows. The shutters needed to be kept at a tilt or others could easily see in. Shears would have been nice enabling the light to come in but maintain some daytime privacy. My husband found it very claustrophobic. There was little room to put our bags. A big negative for us was that when ever we left our room the hallway reeked of cigarettes and cigars.There was valet parking at a cost of $42. They did cater to dogs. It was frustrating to wait to use the computer. In a hotel that size they really should have 2. There was an attached restaurant that was very pricy. The concierges was great with helping to find our way around. Location in proximity to the Fisherman's Wharf was only 2 easy blocks away.I would stay there again making sure to get an outside facing room away from a no smoking area. If all the rooms are as small I would not want to stay for a long time.	
Aug 26 2009 	Convenient and Comfortable	Great comfortable beds and convenient to the fisherman's wharf area. Within walking distance of Pier 39, Alcatraz tours, and in the opposite direction Ghiradelli Sq, Historic Ships and Cable Car lines. Loved the wine reception, perfect to relax after a day of site seeing. Helpful staff and safe surrounds. Loved staying here and would recommend it	
Aug 1 2009	Nice Weekend Stay At The Tuscan Inn	My mother, sister and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn for two nights. Check-in was quick and efficient. The room was clean and had a lot of natural light. We stayed in room 214, a junior suite, and the room was the perfect size for the three of us. A short hallway lead to the sitting area which had a sofa, chair, television, coffee table, mini refrigerator and nice work area. The hallway had a nice size, curtained closet. The bedroom had two double beds, a small closet, dresser, chair and coffee/tea set up. The room faced the street and the windows actually opened, which was a nice surprise. We heard very little street noise at night. The bathroom only had a single sink, but it was very large. The hotel is located two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and its many attractions and eateries. It is just a short, fun and windy ride to Union Square. We did not eat at the restaurant attached to the hotel, however, there are plenty of places to eat near the hotel. There is also a Trader Joe's, Cost Plus, Safeway grocery store, and Barnes &amp; Noble Bookstore within one block of the hotel.Check-out was also quick and efficient. We called the valet before we left our room and when we finished checkout, the car was waiting in the drive for us.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay in San Francisco near the Wharf.	
Aug 1 2009 	Convenient location	The hotel is in a great spot for visiting the Fisherman's Wharf area. As suggested in other reviews, we requested a courtyard view room and it was quiet. When we arrived the receptionist said the room we requested was not ready, but we could get into another right away. When we said we would wait (to get the quieter room), Low And Behold, there was a room available right away. BE SURE to stand your ground if you have specified a particular room!. As said before, the free wine reception in the evening is Two Buck Chuck, drinkable, but certainly not anything to write home about. The Safeway across the street is convenient for snacks and sweet rolls. Got some rolls each night to have with our coffee in the morning. There is a great bookstore next door if you run out of reading material and also a Cost Plus store (didn't go in, but they usually have some great wines for reasonable prices if you want to pass on the two buck chuck). The room was very clean &amp; adequate size. Bed a little soft. Parking is pricey. If you are a AAA member, be sure to get the discounted price.	
Jul 27 2009	nice hotel great location liked the little extras	I stayed at the Best Western with my mom for 3 nights over mother's day weekend last year. We really loved the hotel. We've both stayed at other best westerns around the country before and always thought they were clean and a good value but nothing at all like this one. The room was a standard but nice motel room like any other, bathroom seemed upgraded if I remember. The location was PERFECT just a block and a half from fisherman's wharf and in walking distance to the pier with the sea lions, ghirardelli square, (forget the #) and the start of the cable car tour on the hill, and also was a block and a half from the starbucks where the streetcar stops to take you to other parts of the city. But what we really liked about it was the little extras. The lobby was very pretty and I remember there was a pretty mural either out front or in the lobby that made it stand out as more unique and not cookie cutter motel-ish. The free wine tasting every night was a wonderful extra and welcomed relaxment in between a long day of sightseeing and evenings out. That and also the free coffee and tea (and a variety of tea which I liked) every morning were little extras that we felt made you feel like a welcomed guest and that they are going out of their way to make the hotel special. We also ate at the restaurant but as it was over a year ago i don't really remember I know it was good though, just don't remember how good or how expensive, wasn't particularly memorable. Overall we both REALLY liked this hotel and I will definitly stay again if I go back with my husband. I know my mom plans on going back to bring my dad and she wants to stay there again. Oh and beware San Francisco is CHILLY! we're from NJ and I thought the weather in may would be about the same...would up wearing my thin sweatshirt I'd brought &quot;just in case&quot; every day and bought a thick jacket-like one there that I wore on top of the other one. both all zipped up with the hood up the whole trip. Great knock off designer sunglasses though!	
Jul 26 2009 	Good Location Small Rooms Some charm	Although it is close to Fisherman's Wharf, it is far enough away to be comfortable. It has some charms in decor, and all staff gave very good service to us. Great morning coffee, but no bisquotti as claimed. Wine hour was welcome but it was Two Buck Chuck (not that I don't drink that) but it is really $2 a bottle at Trader Joes in California, $3 in NJ, so the admonishion on the sign that only two (meagerly poured) glasses per person was a bit unnecessary and kind of rude to guests. They also served some form of food with the wine. Free internet in the lobby but none of any sort in the rooms. Rooms are quite small if you need two beds but prettily decorated and adequate.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good Location	You couldn't ask for a more convenient hotel for sight seeing in San Francisco. The bus stops outside the door; the F streetcar is a block away; the Powell-Hyde trolley car two blocks away; the wharf two blocks away. The staff are very friendly and helpful, particularly the concierges and the Manager's Reception is a nice touch. The hotel itself is very attractive. We loved the food at Cafe Pescatore - so nice when you are too tired to go far to eat. Having said all that, the room could have been better. There isn't much drawer space if you are staying long enough to unpack. I have a bad back and found the mattress soft and uncomfortable. Each day we had to leave a note asking for more towels, even though the request is on our profile. The toilet and sink are separated by a door but are operated by the same light switch so it is impossible to turn the light on in the toilet without also turning on the light in the room, an inconvenience to the partner trying to sleep! I no sooner commented on the sharp edge of the nighttables when my partner rolled over and cut his forehead - we moved them away from the bed after that. Although some reviewers have commented on noise, we found the room very quiet and never noticed noise at all.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Place to Stay	We chose this hotel for its great location. The rooms were nice and the staff was very friendly. We may have been slightly noisy, and we got no complaints. I would stay again, great value.	
Jul 15 2009 	A Nice Place To Stay	A perfect location, can get loud outside, but overall would recommend hotel!	
Jul 8 2009 	barking dogs	well the place caters to animals and there was a barking dog that wouldnt shut up at about 1:30 in the morning, they people at the front desk tried calling the room and there was no answer so they came up to bang on the door. so if you are a lite sleeper i would recomend that you stay at another hotel. but its nice and clean and the staff was really nice, and its located 2 blocks from the warfh	
Jul 8 2009 	Great location Grat hotel	I had never been to SF. Found this hotel and got a package deal. Really good location for me. Close to the wharf, trains/bus stops, grocery stores(trader joes,safeway)/shopping(barnes and noble, cost plus world market). They also had a complimentary wine tasting every afternoon. I liked being able to have a couple drinks before dinner and it was a great way to save a few bucks. Staff was very friendly/helpful. The only complaint I have is it was very loud in our room. We heard a lot of street traffic, and hall traffic. With that said, I would totally stay here again.	
Jul 3 2009 	San frans best kept secret!	TWe actually stayed at this hotel as part of a road trip through west coast USA and it was a bit ao an accident that we even stayed here but wow was it a good accident! The location was amazing just a short walk from the cable car turn and all the main attractions at pier 39. There was a super market just across the street which was handy and the staff were sooo helpful! The wine evenings were a nice touch but we only managed to make it for one as we were always out sight seeing or sleeping!! A nice complimentary breakfast too which was good as the breakfast in the restaurant was a bit pricey.The room was quite small but perfectly formed with a super bathroom. Would definately recommend it and would stay again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Nice	Have stayed in San Fran lots of times -- Hilton, Sheraton, &amp; Marriott always on the Wharf. We thought we would like to try someplace new. We checked in late on Thursday night and were greated by Gregory Hartzell and he could not have been nicer! When got to our room it looked just like the pictures, which was a surprise....really nice....the bed slept well...the towels were fluffy....clean, clean, clean....NO complaints. Had read some reviews about small rooms - but what do you need the extra space for? There was plenty. We will definately stay here next time...my new BEST place to stay!	
Jun 30 2009 	A lovely hotel in a great location	Stopped here for several nights in June 09 and loved the place.Checking in was quick and easy, the staff we're pleasant and I requested a low floor room which I got.Room was large enough, clean and contained what you'd expect.Got vouchers for a Continental breakfast in the connected cafe/bar on site, got a bowl of fruit, muffin, tea/coffee and fruit juice which was great, could also pay extra $5 and get a large breakfast (usual fare) and that was very tasty.The hotel lobby was lovely, real fire, large comfy chairs and free internet access in the corner. Every day at 5pm there would be complimentary wine with nibbles, this was a treat and we chatted to other guests each night, all guests seemed very happy about the hotel.The location was great, walk out the doors and forward 250 yards and you're on Pier39 and Fishermans Wharf right on the sea front. This is where you can eat, watch the sea lions, tickets to Alcatraz are further along the pier to the right.If you turned right out the hotel you'd get to other Piers (the one where you buy Alcatraz tickets, maybe Pier 41 ?). If you walked out the hotel and turned left, you could easily reach North Beach in 15 mins or so and even Union Square and China Town in 30 mins.I found it very safe at night but it's best being very aware so keep you eyes open, espeically at cross road lights.All in all a fab hotel in a great city, can't recommend the place enough.	
Jun 19 2009 	A friendly hotel in a good location	We stayed for two nights. This hotel is in a good location on Fisherman's Wharf. There is a supermarket 2 minutes away for provisions. The rooms are clean and reasonably sized. Coffee is available from reception every morning, every evening there is wine available in reception. This was a great idea, as you got to talk to other guests, it was a very friendly occasion. There is a restaurant attached to this hotel, with good food. Overall - a really nice hotel and reasonably priced.	
Jun 16 2009 	Perfect Location Great Room	Everything about our stay at Best Western-Tuscan Inn was great, location to the wharf, cable cars and everything we wanted to see and do. It couldn't have got any better for the price, will definitely return.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great hotel with all the amenities European feel and reasonable pricing.	I have been staying at the Tuscan Inn for the last ten years, always in June in connection with an annual event in San Francisco that I participate in. The location of Fisherman's Wharf area made me suspicious, as the area is very &quot;touristy&quot;. However, the Tuscan Inn has the best of all worlds- great location, all the amenities, excellent staff, nice restaurant adjoining, and very reasonable prices. They have guests from all over the world, and the tradition of wine tasting each evening makes for some great new acquaintances and friendships.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Location	I booked this hotel because of the reviews was not disappointed. Was surprised upon check-in to get an upgrade without even asking. Nice, clean rooms. You could eat off the bathroom floor it was so clean. Across the street from Safeway which makes it nice to get drinks and snacks for a lengthly stay. One block from Trader Joes, Borders Book Store, a few other places. Close to everything.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Value in Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco	We decided to change our travel plans when we saw the great rates offered at this Best Western in the Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco. It is close to the special attractions of the waterfront, cable cars and stores. Rooms are very comfortable and we were charged $15 for parking our motorcycle in the garage. There is a concierge, also free wine and appetizers in the afternoon. It is one of the few opportunities to socialize with other travellers and we picked up some great tips from a couple from Denmark.On the downside, this is the only Best Western on our trip that did not offer a continental breakfast, just a beverage. So, be prepared to go out somewhere for breakfast or try the Safeway across the street. Would definitely return to this hotel and see more of the area.	
Jun 8 2009 	good location	the tuscan inn has a good location, within easy walking distance to the wharf. there are many restaurants and attractions nearbythe hotel room was large-ish with one king bed for my daughter and myself.very skimpy with the towels. (prompt when requested)the ironing board was never put away, and the ice bucket was never cleaned out for me.the bed was comfortable.this is a safe area, i believe, for some may feel threatened by the Many Homeless wandering about. they are harmless. as i said, but some may not feel comfortable.my teen daughter and myself felt perfectly safe at all times.the staff, while all polite, looked a bit distracted, and frankly disengaged.not the incredible, enthusiastic staff describes in such stellar terms by some lucky visitors. however, they were polite.	
Jun 7 2009 	GREAT location Good room	Located only two blocks away from Fishermans wharf is this hotels greatest asset. Our room was a bit small, but overall good for the value. I was disappointed they didnt have complimentary breakfast, but with all the good restaurants around I guess it didnt really matter. The rooms were clean and updated, the beds were comfortable, and the bellman service was fast and efficient.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great prices for the Wharf area	We loved the location--easy walking distance to the wharf and cable cars. Reasonable prices, if San Francisco prices can be called reasonable! Rooms were clean and had typical amenities. Had to pay for parking.	
Jun 3 2009 	great place to stay	We stayed there 6 nights in early May. Everything was outstanding. We had not one complaint. Food at restaurant great. Incredible location. Everyhting you want to do is within walking distance	
Jun 3 2009 	Location Location Location	This hotel has tons to do within walking distance, and the price we paid for it made it a great deal on travelzoo for 85.00, however that being said if you are used to staying at true Kimpton hotels this will leave you wanting, but again location and price makes this a great hotel, the wine they serve is 2 buck chuck get there early if you want to partake, there were people everywhere waiting for the pourings, so we decided to skip out on this one	
Jun 1 2009 	Explore San Francisco's Best Neighborhoods	I stayed at the Tuscan Inn with my 10-year-old daughter for a special overnight &quot;mommy and me&quot; trip. Although we live in the San Francisco Bay Area, we wanted time to explore certain special neighborhoods in San Francisco best seen on foot. The Tuscan Inn was perfectly located for us to walk a few blocks in the opposite direction of the touristy Fisherman's Whaft to the traditional Italian neighborhood of North Beach. We walked through parts of Chinatown, visited City Lights Bookstore where the Beat movement took flight, shopped the boutiques along Grant Street and had a great, spontaenous dinner. The next morning we went back to a lovely neighborhood cafe on Mason Street two blocks from the hotel to enjoy homemade pastries, a latte and local characters. A highlight of our visit was the historic boats at the Hyde Street Pier -- a national Park Service site that costs only $5.00 for an adult with free entrance for shildren -- we were both fascinated for nearly two hours and it was not crowded. Our room at the Tuscan Inn was cheerful, beautifully decorated, quiet, spacious, bright, well lit for reading at night and offered an iPod port. The service was quick and gracious checking in and out. I highly recommend the Tuscan Inn as a base while in San Francisco.	
May 31 2009 	Great location service and value!	My husband and I just got back from the Tuscan Inn. We stayed for 9 nights and couldn't be happier. The location was perfect (close enough to walk to most everything but just out of the way enough it was quiet). The rooms were clean and well-cared for. Everyone we encountered (except the valet guys at the front) were more than accomodating. The minibar was great (once we removed all the hotel items and filled it with drinks we bought from the supermarket one block up). Our ONLY complaint was one doorman/valet wasn't thrilled about us parking the car at the front *momentarily* while we removed our bags from the car we rented. Other than that-perfect trip. We would definately stay again and recommend to friends.	
May 29 2009 	Great Location	This hotel was in a great location to the Wharf and other sites in the city. Although the rooms are small it was very clean. Hugo the concierge was very knowledgeable, helpful and fun too.	
May 27 2009 	Great value and service	My partner and I along with 2 friends stay at the Tuscan Inn for 1 night. Normally, I would not consider Best Western but as it is a Kimpton hotel along with great Trip Advisor reviews, I booked it.We arrive early and while they were not able to give us 2 rooms right away, they gave us one right away. Not only that, they upgrade us to suites which were very nice and spacious. Be sure to sign up for the Kimpton In-touch program. It give us lotsa perks.As a Kimpton hotel, they offer little things like coffee/tea in the morning in the lobby and wine hour from 5-6pm.Hotel staff were all very friendly and knowledgeable. They recommended a couple of local nearby breakfast places that we really enjoyed. Darren's offer great value western breakfast and vietnamese food of all things... If you want something more funky and local, Pat's offers another option.	
May 26 2009	Sleepless in San Francisco!	Our stay at the Tuscan Inn San Francisco was sleepless! Our tiny room, was furnished nicely, however, right outside of window was not only a wall, but huge ducts that kept going off and on all night. Our room was not inexpensive. When we checked out I told the clerk about the noise and she replied that they had never heard that before. No apology. The staff at the desk didn't go out of their way to be helpful.	
May 24 2009 	perfect location comfortable room!	Perfect location, great italian resturant (a little spendy), SUPER concierege. Parking is easier then you might realize. There is a parking ramp across the street that is MUCH cheaper then hotel parking. Really fun happy hour each afternoon with wine and treats. great time to talk to other travelers and find out their favorite things to do in the area. Honestly, San Fran was our favorite trip ever. Can't wait to return.	
May 23 2009 	WOW - What a great hotel	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for four nights in mid May 2009. We were in town for the Bay to Breakers.What a wonderful spot.We had a car, so we started with the valet. He was very friendly, and explained just what we had to do to retrieve our car – when they were available (24/7), how long to expect to wait to retrieve the car ( about 7 minutes), etc. He also helped us with our bags to the front desk.The front desk staff were very friendly and efficient. Our room rate was all in order – we’d booked a TravelZoo special, and the front desk had the right rate, and the right parking discount.We asked for a high room, and off the street. We got exactly that. We went down for the free wine reception, and had a great time. We met a number of other travellers, and the wine pour-ers and hostess were very friendly and efficient. The wine reception each night became an event we looked forward to (for more than just the wine!). The wine is Charles Shaw (two buck Chuck) so you wine afficianados should not get too excited, but it was fine for our standards. The room itself was a little small - pretty normal for the wharf area. But it was immaculate and nicely decorated. The bed was big and very comfortable. One interesting thing – the room doors open out to the hallway, rather than in to the room. This makes the room seem slightly bigger, as the door does not swing into the room, taking up space. I’m surprised more hotels don’t do this. The bathroom door does the same thing, making the bathroom seem slightly larger.The room was very quiet. We'd seen some reviews saying the rooms that face the street are noisy, so by asking for a room off the street, we got a very quiet room.The air conditioning worked perfectly. Yes – we needed air conditioning in San Francisco. It was unseasonably warm when we were there.We ate in the hotel restaurant – an Italian theme – and it was very good. Good food and service.The concierge was very helpful and extremely friendly. We did find the concierge was very busy in the mornings, trying to arrange tours for people. We didn’t use the workout facility.The hotel has one computer (with printer) available with free internet. And free wi-fi throughout the hotel which worked flawlessly.This is a Best Western, but it is operated by Kimpton - so it is pet friendly. They advertised that with a picture of the manager's dog on the check in desk. All in all it was a wonderful stay and I’d highly recommend it – we did get an amazing rate, so that made it seem even better.The location is excellent if you want to be near the wharf. It was a two block walk to Pier 39. And the street it was on (North Point), was busy enough to always feel safe walking, but not so busy that you felt crowded.The only downside, is not a fault of the hotel – rather, my personal preference. We usually stay in the Marina District, but we wanted a hotel near the wharf so we could walk to the Bay to Breakers (we didn’t want to stay near Union Square, even though it would have been more convenient).I like visiting the Wharf, but personally, I’d rather stay in the Marina District, and visit the wharf. To be honest, I was pretty sick and tired of the wharf after four days. But again, that was my choice, not a hotel problem.All in all, if you want to stay near the wharf, I’d highly recommend the Tuscan Inn. Though I’d try to get a discounted rate.	
May 22 2009 	Did we all stay in the same hotel??	They are getting three stars because the room was very clean and the hotel is close to the wharf. I live about an hour north of San Francisco and have stayed in many hotels in the city and always enjoyed them until this past week. I am surprised anyone would find this place a gem. The staff is very rude and doesn't seem to care at all about their guests. Didn't seem to matter who was at the front desk, they treated everyone bad, the same with the valet. The location is good and the rooms are very pretty and clean. But the beds are awful. You come in and the room looks so nice. Then you sit down on the bed and get the thrill of springs hitting you wherever you lay or sit. We were five people with two rooms...four beds and all the beds were awful. It was worse than sleeping in some $50.00 a night room. Of course you have the added thrill of paying over $40 a night for parking and whatever your chiropractor bill is when you are done with the beds. Someone said it was quiet. We had street side rooms and all night long there were busses and loud noises so no one got good sleep. Go to The Palace or Parc 55, get treated like gold and they have the most comfortable beds.	
May 8 2009	A little gem of a hotel.	So clean, quiet, excellent location, delicious coffee bar every morning, staff helpful &amp; friendly. Best thing: Sampling California wines in the very comfy, beautiful lobby, with a roaring fire; we looked forward to coming back each afternoon. Room a bit tiny, but so clean and comfy...bathroom spotless and nicely appointed. Loved this place.	
May 6 2009 	Thanks to Pearl	This is our second time in the Tuscan Inn and we are as satisfied with the hotel as we were last year. We had however a little irritation with the front desk concerning the security deposit and our request to talk to a responsible management person. Through the support of the concierge Hugo we finally got in contact with Pearl. She not only explained the need for a security deposit to our full satisfaction but also surprised us later with an unexpected and generous gift bag in our room.This action showed how high the hotel management values the well feeling of theír guests and that is what we want to appreciate through this comment.	
May 3 2009 	The Best Concierge	Our recent stay at the Best Western Tuscan Inn was enhanced by the delightful conceriege, Hugo Vides. He helped us through e-mails prior to our trip and provided many additional tips and suggestions during our stay, including help with our return shuttle transportation and printing of our boarding passes. Hugo definitely enjoys his job - it shows in his friendliness and warmth toward the hotel guests and his constant smile. Thank you, Hugo.Nancy Smith	
May 3 2009 	Excellent hotel close to Fisherman's Wharf	This was the third time we have stayed at the Tuscan Inn and each time it has been excellent.The staff are very friendly and go out of their way to help you. We had a double room with 2 queen beds. Although the rooms are not huge, our room was still easily big enough for 2 adults and a child (plus 3 weeks of holiday gear). The hotel is close to Fisherman's Wharf (5 minutes walk max from the seafront) but not so close that it gets the noise. The base of the cable car line is one block away and there is a Safeways one block away as well.At 5 pm every day the hotel holds an informal reception where you can have a couple of glasses of wine and normally some food brought in from the Italian restaurant next door. After spending an exhausting day walking the hills of SF, this is a great way to unwind before heading off for a meal. In our case we used the adjacent Italian restaurant-if you are staying at the Tuscan Inn you get 10% off your bill.They've got an underground garage at the Tuscan Inn but we didn't use it, as we there is no need for a car in SF. The cable cars provide an easy way of getting around SF but the costs can soon mount up if you are using them continually. We walked much of the time and took in the views.	
Apr 26 2009 	Excellant Value Location 	This was our first trip to SF and we were not sure of where to stay and what to do. This hotel location could not be any better. It is only a few blocks from the wharf and 1 block from the cable car turn around. The rooms were nice &amp; clean. The wine reception was very nice but they could have used a few more seats. We found a nice place to eat breakfast just down the block called the Hollywood Cafe. It had a large selection at the cheapest prices around and the food was excellent. The staff &amp; concierge were all very helpful and gave us a lot of tips of what to see and where to eat. I would stay here again without a second thought	
Apr 24 2009 	Nice stay at Tuscan	I found a great mid week deal that included a discount on parking. The front desk staff was efficent and friendly. The lobby area is decorated nicely with nice chairs and sofas to mingle at before heading out to have fun. Tuscan offers complimentary glasses of wine at 5 which is a nice touch. The room I stayed in had two doubles and a slight view of the Coit tower. Nice flat screen tv. The room was very clean and the beds comfortable. The room also has free wireless which I've read other hotels nearby don't. It was nice visiting SF during the off season and really enjoyed the stay. This is the nicest BW I've ever stayed at. It should have a higher rating on TripAdvisor. Perfect location to Fishermans Wharf.	
Apr 23 2009 	Mixed Feelings	Upon arrival at this hotel we were instantly upgraded for our 7 night stay and also received complimentary champagne on arrival we were delighted with this and were made feel very welcome! The rooms are exceptionally clean and also the bathrooms. I have to say I see everyone that reviews this hotel compliments the front desk staff I actually found from the second day on that they were most unhelpful and actually quite rude! when the internet connection was down in the hotel lobby I very politely asked the front desk to print off our tickets for alcatraz at which I was left waiting for 10 minutes before being very rudely told that if I really needed to have these printed off then the concierge could help me, but I also found him to be most put out by my request! Also on my third day I came back from a long day sightseeing and stopped at the front desk to ask for milk and sugar to be sent up to the room as we wanted to have a coffee after our long day at which I was told to go into the restaurant and ask the waiting staff myself and take it up to my room myself! as you can imagine I was not happy!!!! so at this point I realised I would just keep to myself and use the hotel to sleep in and nothing else which is exactly what I done. I was really dissapointed as we were on honeymoon and were hoping for somewhere that we would be looked after a little.So to sum up if your looking for somewhere to lay your head after a long day then this is the place for you if your looking for something a bit special with good customer service avoid this place like the plague	
Apr 16 2009 	The best option in San Francisco	This hotel was the best selection for San Francisco. The Front Desk and Housekeeping are efficient, friendly and helpfull. The hotel is clean till the smallest spot. The location is the best! On Fisherman's Wharf, 2 blocks from Pier30, close to all the main transportation spots and attractions. Best value for your money! Definetely a come back when in San Francisco!	
Apr 16 2009 	Great location pretty good hotel	I have stayed at several Kimpton hotels and I have to say the Tuscan Inn was not one of their best. It was just a nice Best Western. Upon check-in they did not have my reservation (I booked through Hotels.com) and they woman working the counter was not very friendly about it and acted very annoyed. She eventually found a hard copy of my reservation and I got my room but she never apologized for the mix-up or anything. The room was nice and bigger than I thought it would be so that was good. The bathroom was clean and the bed was comfy.The location was really the best part. Right on the bus line and only 2 blocks from all the action of Fisherman's Wharf.I don't know that Tuscan Inn would be my first choice for a place to stay next time but it wouldn't be the last either. It's a maybe.	
Apr 14 2009 	Perfect Stay	We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Tuscan Inn. Upon arrival we were greeted immediately and got checked in within 3 minutes.I'm not sure why so many people say the rooms are small here, but our standard king size bed room was huge in my opinion. We were at the end of a hall with a small courtyard view. This room was a nite respite from all the noise of the city and a a great quiet getaway at night.We were extremely pleased with the cleanliness of the room. It doesn't get cleaner.The bed was extremely comfortable and the amenities were excellent. They provide you with great aveda products in the bathroom. Free Wifi in your room, and the free wine reception in the evenings was great.All the staff was friendly, though I found the maintanence and housekeeping staff to be the warmest in the building.I did not take advantage of the concierge service, but I saw many people were receiving great service from them.We would defenitely stay here again.Great value and service for the price!	
Apr 10 2009 	Excellent Service - Great Location	The room was clean and very comfortable. The staff and service were exceptional. I don't think you could do better for location, especuially if you're visiting the city for the first time.easy access to everything - there's even a safeway next door if you'd like to garb a muffin for breakfat. The free happy hour really made the visit extra special - we met so many wonderful people during our 7 day stay this way.	
Apr 7 2009 	Every hotel should have this staff!!	Im actually still in the hotel and couldnt wait to write my review, but from the moment we arrived the staff at this best western could not have done more for us. From the Manager, all the way down to the Car porters, i have never enjoyed my stay at a hotel like i have staying here. Every hotel should have the staff that is here at the Best western Tuscan inn.	
Apr 6 2009 	Perfect Fisherman's Wharf Location	Great place to stay. Perfect location near Fisherman's Wharf. Easy walking to all of the popular spots and the trolley car. Kind and helpful staff. Very good restaurant. Nice complimentary happy hour at 5pm daily with snacks, beer, wine. Allowed us to meet some new people who were staying there as well. Would stay there again in a hearbeat!	
Apr 4 2009 	Nice comfy convienent hotel	We stayed there for our 10 year anniversary and liked the convience of the hotel. I used the recommendations of others who have stayed there as well from trip advisor and requested a courtyard room. Didn't get it the first night but did the other nights, thankfully the room the first night was quiet. The hotel was supposed to deliver champagne as requested by my sister and they did not do that- so that was a little dissapointing!Concierge lady in the front lobby was very rude and felt like I was inconveiancing her by asking her a question. LOVED the Hollywood Cafe just down the street on Noth Point! Their crossaint with fruit was really good (my husband I shared it, as it was huge!)	
Apr 2 2009 	Comfortable bed quiet room easy access to all of SF	The rooms were smallish and could get a little damp if you didn't keep the air conditioning unit on, but the beds were comfortable, and the courtyard-view room we had was very quiet. The wine tasting in the evenings was a fantastic feature, it was timed perfectly so that we could have a glass of wine before going out for dinner. Checkout early Wednesday morning took about 2 minutes to complete, no complaints with the staff.The concierge can give discounts for booking city tours and for some restaurants, although we tried Neptune's which was recommended to us and felt it was overpriced for the service and quality. Fisherman's Wharf was very touristy, but we appreciated the safety of the area at night, and stores close by like Safeway and Walgreens. The Tuscan Inn is close to the MUNI system cable cars, and is on 2 bus lines so we were able to travel all over the city without a car.	
Mar 27 2009 	Okay at sale prices	Got a great reduced rate so no complaints on price. The mattresses were sub standard-creaked when sitting on them and turning over. Fisherman's Wharf is over rated.	
Mar 25 2009	Talk about Amazing Service!!!	I took my daughter to San Francisco for her 30th birthday &amp; we were treated like visiting royalty! Too many little extras to mention in this limited space, but here are a couple: I requested they prepare a cheese and fruit platter for us to take on our Napa outing and imagine my surprise when the boxes were opened - the gourmet assortment of cheeses encircling an orchid, the freshest of various fruits, including chocolate dipped strawberries! The hotel staff - as a whole - were more than happy to go above and beyond to satisfy your request. The room was a bit small - but all we did there was sleep - so no complaints!!!	
Mar 21 2009 	Location Location Location	We spent five days at the Tuscan in March. We found the staff very helpful especially Jose. The one hour reception was very nice. To our surprise, not only did they have wine, but they also had beer, soda and juices with an appetizer. They did have coffee and tea in the morning. I think they should have not stopped serving their biscotti - mistake. I agree with other travelers that the rooms are small, and the street noise is sometimes annoying. All of the hotels on Fishermans Wharf are pricey and so for the money - I would recommend this hotel to a friend. We found it on sale on the internet. The Safeway was great for saving money on food. But also less than a block away was a Subway. There was a little place down the road (Hollywood) that had an exceptional breakfast for under $10,00. The fruit was some of the best I have ever had. We did not have a car, but I did hear complaints not only at this hotel but other hotels as well that it was very expensive. Also - I would advise getting a map on arrival at one of the stores on the Wharf - a lot more informative than the one they give you at the hotel.	
Mar 20 2009	Great location and atmosphere	The Tuscan Inn has a great location to tourist sites within San Francisco. Walking distance to Pier 39, bay ferries and tours, Ghirardelli Square, etc. Streetcars and cable cars are close to take you to Market Street, the Ferry Terminal, etc.The Inn is clean, and welcoming. It has a good look, nice sitting area in the lobby, wine hour every night, friendly and helpful staff.The rooms we had were a good size and clean. It was basic, but that was OK for us. I had trouble with the hot water in my shower but it was fixed the same day I reported the problem. I personally appreciated the free internet service in the hotel. All-in-all, compared to other hotels in the area, we were both impressed and happy with the Tuscan Inn and would recommend it. I did have to search through the usual online websites to find the best deal for rooms, but if you take time to look, I think you will be happy with the rates you get.	
Mar 15 2009 	Good Location but what's with the Check in / out staff?	Was a nice, clean and quiet room. A little cramped, especially around the sink area.Excellent location, close to the wharf and cable car lines. Complementary coffee in the morning however, they have stopped with the biscotti!In addition, they advertise Limousine service to the financial district but when I inquired they announce they had stopped the service and I would need to take mass transportation. So I figured times must be hard.As I checked out I expressed my disappointment there were no biscottis and transportation service and the check out clerk tells me they do have the service and I needed to make an appointment. That set me off since I did try to do that. So I had problems with the check in and check out staff .On the other hand, the valet parking attendant/bell people were very friendly.Do not know if I will stay there again, due to the problems with the staff at the check in/out counter.	
Mar 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel with Friendly 	The Tuscan Inn is located near Fisherman's Wharf with cable cars nearby. The Hotel &amp; rooms are very clean and great food at their resturant. Also, the staff &amp; Chief Chief Concierge are very friendly &amp; knowledgable. We would definitely stay there again!	
Mar 12 2009 	We Really Loved Every Minute Of Our Trip!!!!	We had a great adventure. It was a last minute trip, totally unplanned. It could not have turned out better if we planned it. I haven't been to San Fran in 20 years. It was my daughter's first trip to San Fran and it was her birthday. She asked her best friend to come so I really wanted them to have a good time. I have to say if it weren't for the employees at the Tuscan Inn it wouldn't have been as good. Hugo, Gregori, Tanishia, and Ernie all went above and beyond to assist us in having a great trip. Hugo is one of a kind. He is one of the best Concierge's I have had the pleasure to meet. 5 STARS!!!!! All employee's that I mentioned have shown customer service skills that are above and beyond. Whatever questions asked they always came through with the answers that best suited our needs. From suggestions about resturants, tours, or just directions to the nearest movie theater. When we called down from our room with a request for extra towel blankets whatever we need it was delivered promptly to our room.We had a discussion on the plane that it was such a shame that customer service was gone in so many companies these days. It was so refreshing to see it is alive and well at the Tuscan Inn!! Thank You so much for making our trip one we won't soon forget.	
Mar 7 2009 	Excellent Location	Stayed here for 5 days in February 2009. Great location situated on the flat, no hill to climb!, Only one block away from Pier 39. Hotel was comfortable and all the staff helpful and polite. Would recommend a trip to Safewatys supermarket just across the road to stock up on water and goodies. Would certainly return.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great place to stay in San Francisco	My husband and I booked the Tuscan Inn Fisherman's Wharf based on the reviews we read on the computer and were not disappointed. Everything went smoothly from the moment we checked in. I loved the decor of the room and found it to be modern, calm and restful. We had a room with a King sized bed and although the room was small it was bright and very clean. The Manager's wine tasting in the lobby at 5 every evening gave guests a chance to meet and mingle. A very nice touch. It was our wedding anniversary during our stay and the Manager sent a bottle of sparkling wine to our room. That was a nice touch. The location is perfect being so close to the Wharf and Pier 39 and the Powel St. Cable cars. I only regret not staying at the Tuscan Inn for a third night as there is so much to do in the area. We traveled down the coast to Los Angeles after our stay in San Francisco and I must say that the Tuscan Inn was my favourite place to stay in California.	
Feb 22 2009 	NIce Hotel Excellent Location	The location of this hotel is great - close to Fisherman's Wharf, within walking distance of Ghiradelli Square, boats to Alcatraz and two cable car lines. The room was big enough, though there wasn't a lot of extra room. It was clean, the beds were comfortable, and the room was quiet. Free internet and a computer for use in the lobby was helpful. The manager's cocktail hour was a nice touch, and the free coffee in the morning was also nice though I had to ask both mornings for hot chocolate to be brought out for the kids, and the advertised biscotti was no where to be found. Jorge was extremely friendly and helpful, but the rest of the staff was less animated and warm. Do try Pat's cafe around the corner for breakfast. It was excellent.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Hotel and Great Location	I Just stayed at the Tuscan inn and i was very impressed, from the awesome check in to the great consierge &quot;ken&quot; they were the most welcoming hotel i have stayed at in many years. i work in the industry so i know what a good stay is all about, i was upgraded to a duluxe suite on arrival for my 7 nights stay ( wich was greatly appreciated)The Hotel Restraunt Cafe is very good food and resonably priced compaired to the rest of the wharf and San Francisco in general ( if you do eat have the tomato soup with parmesan &amp; the Seafood Risotto and if you can squeeze it in after the fist 2 courses the Tiramassou.one final note is that the barman &quot;Seth&quot; is a huge credit and assest to the hotel and is a delight to chat to allways in motion and never seeming to stop for one second unless he is serving you of course :pthe only negative thing's i will say is that the coffee maker in the room is a dreadfull waste of space and thee coffee pods and i stick of sugar and 2 pouches of milk a day is ridiculas there are no tea coffee making facilitys in the rooms to be honest as the coffee maker is just plain crazy.also even when i went to the lobby at 6 am on a few of the days of my stay the coffee and tea were there but i never did see a biscottie the whole stay and i was first down some days. not a great problem but not as i expected from the reviews!also the wine gathering with the manager the one day i did attempt to attend it was so badly orgonised that i couldnt get to the table to get my wine so i just went tot he bar and had a drink there, but on the whole it was a great hotel and certain members of staff lift it out of the good to the great hotel that i experianced !!!!!	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Valentines Weekend	My husband and I stayed here for Valentines weekend and just got back last night. We thought the hotel was a great value. We booked online through the hotel website and used our AAA card to get a discounted price and it was well worth it. I researched a bit before choosing to book with the Best Western. It's diagonally across from the Sheraton which was one of our options. We decided on the Best Western after we figured we'd save more and still be as close to Fisherman's wharf. Not only was it due to price, but after reading reviews and looking at pictures, the Best Western Tuscan just seemed to be more comfy and less touristy, which it was. The rooms are decorated well, not too flashy and yet still modern. Yes, the rooms aren't that big, but after deciding that our main goal was to find a nice clean hotel close to Fisherman's wharf and near a lot of the public transportation, it was a perfect choice for us. Although our weekend was during a storm, the close proximity to the piers and public transportation still made our location idea.The staff was very helpful in giving us suggestions and directions when we asked. They also scheduled our shuttle back to the SFO airport. I didn't get to take advantage of the free coffee in the morning, but my husband and I did go to the 5pm-6pm cocktail hour, which we enjoyed. It was nice to have a drink or two and talk to fellow travelers. Only complaint that we had was when we found out that there was no in-house gym. Although they didn't have a in-house gym, they did say they had passes to the 24 Hour Fitness across the street in the shopping center. Too bad it was raining pretty hard and discouraged us from going.(If you plan to stay for 2 to 3 days and are planning to take advantage of the public transportation in Downtown SF, get the 3-day MUNI pass for $18... the front desk can tell you where to get them. The hotel only offers 1 day passes for $11, which is a good deal, but if you are staying for longer, the 3-day pass is worth it... you even still save a bit if you only use it for 2-days.)	
Feb 14 2009 	Pearl in the dirt (pretty as a pearl but not in the best of areas)	We arrived from LA having paid the rooms in advance but were immediately hit by a $40/day surcharge to park our car. The hotel is very charming. The room was extremely small (there was basically only room for the bed) and the decor was, for my taste, a little over the top. But everything was nice and clean.There was no complimentary wi-fi in the hotel.The area immediately around the hotel was a little dry, the charm of San Francisco was definitely not just outside the door, but not too far either.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great Hotel !!	I was in San Francisco to testify at a legal proceeding, decided to stay at Fisherman's Wharf. This hotel was a perfect choice. It seemed more like a Hilton than a Best Western. Very nice room, the bed was extremely comfortable and the pillows were better than my pillows at home.Very close to Fisherman's Wharf, a grocery store located right across the street, and very helpful and friendly staff. It was all good. If I ever return to Frisco, I will definitely stay at the Tuscan Inn.	
Feb 3 2009 	Wonderful staff	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn in September as a base for exploring San Francisco. Location-wise, the hotel was perfect; it was within walking distance of the pier for Alcatraz and a two minute walk away from the tram as well as Lombard Street.The rooms were a decent size for a city hotel and were very clean and well serviced. Coffee and biscotti were available in reception every morning free of charge or if you preferred, there was a restaurant in the hotel that served breakfast or a Starbucks round the corner. Most impressive of all though, was the assistance of the concierge who was incredible particularly when it came to organising our check-in on various flights etc. I would definitley stay at this hotel again!	
Feb 2 2009 	Wonderful service friendly people	i was trying to find hotels close to the wharf so my family and i would not have to worry about driving and came across tuscan inn at fishermams wharf. read the reviews over and over....i wanted everthing to be decent because my kids are between 17 and 22 so they have their own lives so we do not get to spend much time together...anyway...this was important to me. i was beyond impressed....seems service just isn't the way it used to be.....people aren't as nice...they don't really smile or it almost seems to be an inconvience for you to be there. not here, every person i came in contact with was nice, friendly, wanted to help, and extemely professional....they even wiped my windows when they brought our car up to us in the morning. i can't tell you how much i appreciate the little things like that and just how impressed i was with EVERYONE there. not just one person was nice but everyone we came in contact with. hotel is decorated cute...i know...a girl thing but guys will like it too....its romantic without being gody !! does that make sense?? they have wine and beer hour at 5:00 pm which my husband and i din't do because of course we had our kids but i do plan on taking advantage of that another time...i thought it was a very nice thing to have. i just felt good being there....i'am 40 years old and its very disheartening that people have lost their pride of service and doing a good job. i want to praise this hotel for bringing it back...please do not change !!! i will be back.	
Jan 27 2009 	Love Fisherman's Wharf Area	Love Fisherman's Wharf. Sights are wonderful, food is excellent.Tuscan Inn is within walking distance of all Wharf attractions. Many choices for eating, shopping and activities.Parking is expensive, Rooms are on the small side. Staff is very helpful. Happy Hour each day from 5 - 6 PM.Still......a great place to stay.	
Jan 17 2009 	Great Hotel and Staff!!!	We've stay at the Tuscan Inn twice in 2007 and once in 2008. It's such a great hotel. The staff are so friendly and the hotel is in a great location, just 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf , bus and cable car station. The restaurant, cafe Pescatore is also very good. We had breakfast and dinner there many times during our stay. The Tuscan Inn is such a great find in beautiful San Francisco. We can't wait for our next trip to San Francisco and of course we only stay at the Tuscan inn.	
Jan 16 2009 	Best Wee hotel in San Francisco	We have stayed at The Tuscan Inn on our last 3 trips to San Francisco, and I really can't fault the service. The rooms are probably smaller than at a major chain, but you're not here to sit in your room. The staff at this hotel make you feel so welcome and its service with a smile. It's almost like you're part of a large Italian family. The wine reception is a great way to relax, meet fellow guests and wind down if you've had a long day sightseeing. All the staff go the extra mile to assist in anyway they can and the staff of the ajoining Cafe Pescatore are just as welcoming, with great service and the food is excellent. We feel at home here which is why we will be back this year too. It's a truely wonderful little hotel, with great people in a great location (bus stop across the street, f car one block down and cable car one block up and west where you can buy a 7 day ticket for all 3 - who needs a car!)We love it!	
Jan 11 2009	Bathroom a bit dirty.	This hotel offers a lot - a great location, great staff, free wine tastings and morning coffee. The room was pretty nice and spacious. However, parking is $30/night and valet only, which becomes a pain. Also, the bathroom was a bit dirty - brown water came out of the bath tub faucet initially and the sink wall by the toilet was dirty. I did not address these concerns during my stay, but did leave feedback on the website, to which I received no reply.	
Jan 2 2009 	A great place to stay in San Francisco!	My Husband and I chose this Hotel for out New Year's Eve &quot;gettaway&quot; based on the great reviews from Trip Advisor and we were not dissapointed! I booked a standard king room and was up graded to a premier king free of charge upon our arrival. The staff were very nice. The wine hour in the cozy lobby was great. Enjoyed talking with fellow travelers by the warm and inviting fireplace. Our room was very nice. We expected the room to be small based on all the reviews but it was very nicely decorated and super clean. The bed was very comfortable and the room itself was very quiet. The hotel is walking distance to many attractions. We ate at the Italian restaraunt located in the hotel and the food and service was outstanding. Check out the following morning was fast and flawless as we enjoyed fresh coffee and biscotti served complimentary in the lobby. I will go back to this hotel again!	
Dec 9 2008 	Again a nice quaint hotel perfect location	Having stayed at this hotel awhile back, I sort of knew what to expect. Check in was flawless, and we were even early arrivals at approx 12 noon. Room was on 4th floor overlooking the interior garden area. Seems the hotel has been completely renovated since our last stay. Our room had a nice clean bath/shower, all tile, and sink that was marble. Plenty of toiletries. The bed was very plush, and king size that was very comfortable. There were 2 alarm clocks on either side of the bed. Nice mini bar, and plenty of tv stations to watch before going to bed. The rooms are done in an Italian hue, and recently new carpet through out the entire hotel and our floor. The refridge was a bit noisy, and the air conditioner seemed a bit loud and woke me several times during the night, but really was not bad at all. Never experienced the room service. Never did partake in the 5 pm wine tasting as we were usually out at the Buena Vista chugging down Irish coffee until the late night. The hotel is very well located as previously mentioned in other reviews. We ate dinner at the attached restaurant the night prior to our departure for convenience, and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food. Well done. All in all, would and have stayed here again. Paid around 205 a night booked through a hotel vendor website. It is very &quot;touristy&quot; by the wharf. As other times we have stayed more in the financial district, and probably would the next time for a different feel again.	
Dec 6 2008 	Room 200 is noisy...	We stayed in room 200 which is on the corner of Hyde and North Point. This is directly above the cable car stop. We heard cable cars and traffic going back and forth until 0100 and starting again at 0500. Apparently, cable cars are taken to the &quot;barn&quot; most all night for maintainence. The windows are single payne and provide no sound proofing. Others in our group stayed in the middle of the hotel and had no problem with traffic noise. The rooms were large and comfortable and the location was fine if you don't mind a little walking to the Wharf and other attractions. At least the cable car is close...maybe a little too close.	
Nov 28 2008 	Great time in San Francisco	We have just returned from a 3 week vacation incorporating 6 days in California followed by a cruise.We chose the Best Western Tuscan Inn as our base whilst in San Francisco on the first three nights of our tour.We arrived at SFR approximately 1 hour late due to flight delays at London Heathrow and in the pouring rain and, of course, suffering from jet lag. Despite all this, we found the Tuscan Inn easily in a city strange to us.After reading other reviews on Trip Advisor we made sure that we had a &quot;Garden View&quot; room as we knew that the jet lag would see us awake at about 2:00am!I don't know about the street view rooms but we had no problems with noise whatsoever.The rooms were pleasant, clean and did not disappoint.The hotel is certainly well placed for access to Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 etc. My wife suffers from arthritis and cannot walk far but we had no problems in walking to the departure point for Alcatraz tours, Mr. Toad's city tour, Cable Cars, etc.Staff were helpful and generally friendly.The daily wine reception was a great idea as it got guests together and talking about their experiences of the day.Was a little upset by waiter serving wine at the second of these we went to. On arriving we initially spoke to some other guests and I then went to request two glasses of wine on behalf of myself and my wife - reaction was, in broken English, - &quot;Only two glasses each!&quot;I explained we had just arrived and this was our first drink.&quot;NO, only two glasses&quot; &quot;We haven't had one yet!&quot;&quot;I must see your room key&quot;With annoyance I retrieved and displayed the key and finally got a glass of wine.I know they don't want clients getting drunk at their expense but at the end of the day it wasn't even quality wine just a very cheap plonk.Only other downer was $38 per night for valet parking. Being from UK this kind of thing is alien to me but I did know in advance and chose to accept it - apparently other guests with larger cars were paying over $50 !Apart from the one incident above I would have no reservations about recommending this hotel	
Nov 22 2008 	A Great Stay	We had a comfortable and enjoyable stay. The hotel was clean and convenient. The staff was helpful and friendly. We never went to the evening wine party but it looked very popular. We were street side which was a bit noisy some mornings with truck deliveries.	
Nov 19 2008 	Very Dog-Friendly	This is a hassle-free place to stay with a dog. I travel with my small poodle and usually, even though hotels will say that they welcome pets, the front desk people give you a certain look when you walk in and out of the lobby with your dog.......NOT HERE!!! I've never stayed at a more dog-friendly place. I saw a couple checking in with 3 large dogs (retrievers) so apparently there isn't a weight limit, maybe a limit of 3 dogs??? I stayed in a suite.......a note to those considering staying in a suite....I thought that mine was rather small so I asked if the suites were the same size and was told, &quot;they're about the same&quot;. Ended up staying in my suite as it was a busy weekend but I did get to view the suite directly across from mine and there was a huge difference ( I would guess about an extra 100 sf). So, make sure that you request one of the larger suites, they are all priced the same. If your dog tends to be a little disruptive or on the noisy side, there is a bathroom fan that you can keep on to make noise. Also, the room air conditioners/heaters make some sound which can also help to mask noise. My dog is very well-behaved so I'm lucky but I never once heard any other dog noise while I was there. Stay here, your dog (and you) will love it.	
Nov 19 2008 	liked it	room was quiet, clean with good beds but very very smallnot a cheap hotelvalit parking was to much expencive but oke its the location	
Nov 19 2008 	Awesome hotel!!	I stayed at this Tuscan Inn in the Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco recently. What a lovely place in the midst of a fast-paced environment! The thought that it was a Best Western made me think ahead of my stay that this is an okay place to rest a night but what a surprise when I found the cutest place in the City of San Francisco. The room was adorable and had everything I needed. The concierge, Hugo Vides, is the absolute best. The welcoming wine event between 5 and 6 p.m. was a nice twist to get to know others who were staying there. I only wish I would have had more time there and hope to someday return. I am so glad my travel agent at Liberty Travel suggested this.	
Nov 16 2008 	Liked staying at Tuscon Inn	I booked this hotel via booking.com at KLM website. I went through a lot of reviews and the one from Frommers Guide was most helpful. I got a good rate and no prepayment from the KLM website( linked to booking.com). Tuscon Inn was near the pier 39, which is a great location, checking in and out was easy. The staff were very helpful. The room was nice, good size and quite clean. The bathroom was big and clean as well. Although I was alone, room was good enough for a couple. The hotel had free coffee and drinks everyday and free access to wireless internet. The adjacent served nice breakfast. Great location and hotel. Try and not book anything from the hotel though, just walk up pier 39 and you will have more choice. The hotel does arrange a shuttle to the airport without any extra charge.	
Nov 15 2008 	Cozy friendly place to stay on the wharf	We had a quick trip to SF and decided to stay here so we could easily walk to the wharf, pier 39 and Ghirardeli chocolate square. We choose this place primarily based on other user reviews on TripAdvisor. The room is nice, very cozy (i.e. fairly small) but well put together and comfortable. We took everyone's advice and requested an interior courtyard view (basically looking at the opposing wall of the hotel) and so we didn't hear any noise.We were incredibly lucky and came here when the weather was very good. Free coffee and biscotti in the morning helped get the GF out of bed. It was funny to run into a fellow husband in the elevator bringing back coffee for this wife as well. Parking is crazy expensive, we drove up from LA so we had a car - but otherwise, you really don't need it. Staff was friendly and helpful - we had no issues. Most of the other guests are foreigners.	
Nov 11 2008 	Nice Convenient Hotel	We stayed for 4 nights mid October, in a suite to cater for 2 couples. The first room we had was kinda worn, no view, and you could hear noisy a/c units, and the beds felt worn, as you could feel the springs if you pressed firmly!! Not good! Unfortunately, I had come down with a rather nasty throat infection on this, the 2nd leg of our extensive trip, coming from 5 nights in Santa Monica, LA. Anyway, the next morning I requested another room with either a street or garden courtyard view.Big difference! The room we got was bigger, toward the rear of the building, so a long walk from lift, but well worth it. It also had a pleasant courtyard view. This room also felt as if it had been used maybe a third as much as the other one!! Perhaps they like to let out all the 'close to lift ' rooms to be kind to housekeeping?!? Biggest difference though - the beds - no uncomfortable springs!! Also, the bathrooms were quite well set up, with a seperate toilet/shower to basin, so whilst one guest is showering another can use the basin.Decor etc. was quite nice and fresh looking, and it is because of this that I would not hesitate to come back - provided I got a similar room! Internet provided via a pc in foyer was very handy!!Only thing I missed was a gym, for some reason I had an inclination to use the gyms while we were O/S!? Service was all good, albeit a bit stoic. I was dutifully helped at 130am when I wanted a hospital to nip my sickness in the bud, which was much appreciated. However, I felt a little weird, almost uncomfortable when on a couple of nights, whilst suffering coughing fits, I decided to go downstairs and use the internet, so as to not keep my fellow guests awake. Upon arriving downstairs, I found the duty manager/staff napping on the (guest?) lounges !!. It didn't bother me, but felt a little weird, like I was interrupting them!! Anyways, one night we came back just after they had turned off the coffee machine in the restaurant, but the wonderful waiter/maitre'd organised some hot drinks for us in the biggest mugs I've ever seen - LEGEND!!! We all loved San Fran - fantastic city with great selection of restaurants etc, Fishermans Wharf was great also - ate at Wipeout, where the waiters were very honest with what to order!! Ate at Caesars old style Italian - fantastic for price, and also Mona Lisa on Columbus in awesome Little Italy. Unfortunately we didn't get to dine in the hotel restaurant, but I'd say it would be good, if the after hours service is anything to go by! Can't wait to go back to SF and explore some more, i.e.Berkely Sausalito etc. If you like architectural history do the 'Ghost Tour' from Queen Anne Hotel...fantastic, intriguing history in most exclusive area of city.The hotel is nice and close to Fishermans Wharf and other attractions, which was really handy.	
Nov 4 2008 	Ok for the price...	Booked two rooms on Priceline for $139 each, just an overnight stay while flying home the next morning. Check in was good, rooms both ready, and we upgraded with no problems. Room was very small for 4, we apparently had an &quot;outside&quot; room, because trucks crashed around all night loading and unloading. Tried to tip the maids for 2 extra towels as there were 4 of us and it was a HUGE problem, apparently no more than 4 towels per room? Didn't want to pay for the mini-bar, but frig leaked all over floor. When maintenance guy came in, he blamed us for turning it down, it was in a locked cabinet! Asked for a wake up call and did not get it. One male working the desk the morning of 10/20 was rushed, rude, so checked out without talking to them. Hotel is clean, very convenient to the Wharf and shopping. Would not stay here again, due to noise and staff, but ok for the price, if I would have paid rack rate, I would have been more upset.	
Oct 28 2008 	Our comfy room at the Tuscan Inn	We stayed at this lovely, incredibly well located hotel for 6 nights as we explored the hills of San Francisco. The staff was wonderful, our room was very pretty with a view of the Fisherman's Wharf area. The bathroom was marble and we had luxurious bathrobes and really, every detail attended to. When we first arrived at 2am, there had been a mixup with the room reservation and the man at the desk was so competent and accomodating - while the hotel was full, he found a room for us, for which we were eternally grateful. We met the manager, who was incredibly helpful about restaurants in the area, and also a lovely person to talk to. The breakfast at the neighboring restaurant (attached to the hotel) was delicious and the evening wine hour was the perfect thing after a day on one's feet. I'd highly recommend the Tuscan Inn based on location, cheerfulness of staff, aesthetics in the room and general overall service.	
Oct 27 2008 	great stay at the tuscan inn	stayed for three nights at the tuscan inn. easy walking distance to fishermans wharf , cable cars, and streetcar stop to ferry building. older hotel with smaller rooms but updated nicely. thin walled rooms. only coffee and bisquits for breakfast. overall a pleasant stay.	
Oct 26 2008 	Loved the wine at 5pm	We stayed two nights in August following a flight from UK. We had a room on the ground floor that was very well decorated but a bit gloomy. As we had come to sleep that actually helped. It was large with enough space for our cases. Disappointed with coffee making faclities.Breakfast at the hotel was fine, and we had lunch and dinner there as well. Lunch time staff were miserable and in the evening we did not book so had ages to wait for a table, crowded and noisy.We would have gone elsewhere but around 21:00 found most other places closing so it was Hobsons choiceThe best part of the stay were the free wine and eats in the lounge arond 17:00, absolutely great and a warm fire as well! Very cosy and friendly. Staff were always helpful. Even when we were charged in error on our credit card after our return to UK it was sorted out with grace and effortlessly.We were only using it as a stopover and it met the bill on that front.	
Oct 26 2008 	Perfect Location	This was our first visit to San Francisco and we were unsure which area to stay in. Fishermans Wharf was just perfect. The Best Western was excellently located, about 3 blocks from the sea front and within 5 minutes walk to Pier 39.The room was abit on the small side, but OK for a 3 night stay. The front desk staff were very friendly with a dedicated concierge desk where guests could book excursions or just get information.The free wine and nibbles served between 5pm and 6pm were a lovely touch. At first we thought there must be a catch, but the reception area was packed every evening and it was a great place to talk to fellow travellers.The area felt safe to walk around at night as there were lots of people about with plenty of restaurants and bars to frequent.I would stay at this hotel again without question.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 4 days. Our flight came in early so the room we requested wasn't ready yet. The concierge recommended a bus tour and called to see if there were seats available and booked us on the tour that was leaving in an hour. The tour was fabulous and the driver was wonderful and provided excellent information during the tour. The tour ended around 2:30 and we were dropped off back at the hotel. By this time our room was ready.We had asked for a courtyard room as I am a very light sleeper. I had no problem at all even though everything in San Francisco was booked and there were people everywhere due to it being the start of Fleet Week. The room was extremely clean and very spacious. The carpet was a bit worn and outdated but that isn't a complaint just an observation. We found the staff to be very helpful and courteous and we had no problems at all.We didn't participate in the wine social that occurred everyday at 5 but there were a lot of people that did as every time we went through the lobby it was packed. We did however take advantage of the free coffee and biscotti that was offered every morning in the lobby.The hotel is in a fantastic location just a 5 minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf and no more then 10 minutes from the cable cars and other attractions. There is an Ihop one block down which we ate at a couple of times.Our stay was a pleasant one with no complaints at all. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 15 2008 	Just the Job	My wife and I stayed for 3 nights in August and couldn't fault it for what we wanted.Great location, the concierge guy was fantastic and there is a lovely restaurant attached to the hotel that does a great breakfast!No bar as such in the hotel but they have free wine tasting every day at 5p.m.!	
Oct 10 2008 	Great time in San Fran	We loved the Tuscan Inn! We booked a King room, but they upgraded us to a King Deluxe when we arrived. It was pretty small, so I'm sure the standard rooms are even smaller! But, for just the two of us it was perfect. The room was very nicely decorated and was obviously recently renovated. We loved it. It was very clean, had a beautiful bathroom, and was comfortable. The staff was very friendly (especially Jose!) and the wine hour is such a nice touch!! We were only able to go one day, but it was great! Held us over nicely until dinner with wine and appetizers.If you stay here- be prepared to walk uphill to get anywhere outside of Fisherman's Wharf!! We also used the &quot;F-line&quot; street car to get to the Ferry building and financial district...it seemed safe, easy, and close to the hotel. We spent alot of time walking too and were able to see so much in a few days, but be prepared for the hills.Some highlights in the San Francisco area:-Coit Tower, Alcatraz with audio tour, Chinatown, Lombard St, Hyde-Powell Cable Car Line (standing on the outside!), Golden Gate Park are all must dos!-Wine Country Shuttle Tour - went to Domaine Chandon, V. Sattui, Rutherford Ranch, and Andretti Wineries. It was a great day and worth the money not to have to worry about driving, plus we really enjoyed each of the wineries- all different experiences!-Saulsalito - only had a short time here, but looked like a great area to explore art galleries, boutiques, and good food.-Punchline Comedy Club-Muir Woods was ok- if you've never seen the Redwoods further north in CA, you'll be satisfied...it's close enough to SF for an easy visit and the trees are still huge!! Lots of tourists and not quite the size of further up the coast, but still very pretty and we enjoyed it.We thoroughly enjoyed the Tuscan Inn and would recommend staying there if you're looking to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area. It was pretty quiet and a little bit removed from all the action of the Wharf and Pier 39, which was nice. We loved it!	
Oct 3 2008 	Excellent service great location good value	We spent 2 nights and found the staff to be very friendly. The location is great, only 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. The room was nice given this is not a 5 star property so our expectations were exceeded. Overall, it was a great value and we would stay again.	
Sep 28 2008 	Great location and price	First off, we booked this hotel through Priceline. We got it from Sunday to Wednesday for $135 a night, which was a great deal and I think very good value. It's certainly worth the booking price via their own website but you can find a good deal out there for it too.The Tuscan Inn was a great place to stay. It's very close to Fisherman's Wharf, within walking distance to the Coit Tower and even Chinatown. The street cars are also only a block away. The rooms are very nice and seem recently upgraded. The beds and linens are quite nice too.The hotel staff are really friendly. We were very impressed with both of the concierges that were working and found them extremely useful. The people at the front desk were friendly save for one girl who we found consistently rude and abrasive. (ie, I brought a five dollar bill up to the front desk and before I could say anything she said &quot;we don't give change&quot; and walked away). With the exception of this one bad egg, everyone was very nice.The free wine/beer and coffee/hot chocolate/biscotti is a wonderful touch and we took full advantage of it. I would recommend making reservations at the restaurant as it quickly filled up every night and we were turned away frequently - I heard one traveller get into a heated discussion about never being able to get in for dinner.My only recommendation would be to ask for a room that's not on the first floor, or a room with a view of the garden. The street noise was pretty bad and we were woken up a few times because of this. There were a few homeless people who would sit on the street outside and make a ton of noise throughout the night. Also, the restaurant drags their tables and chairs inside at midnight or later and then outside at 7:00am. It makes a lot of noise too - just a tip.Anyway, we loved it at this hotel and were very happy. Last word of caution - if you're going to San Francisco, don't rent a car. Parking is expensive ($40 per night) and everything is very much within walking distance. We took a cab across town and it was $10...Have fun!	
Sep 28 2008 	Lovely Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel on the 23rd August for 3 nights and had an enjoyable stay. It is in a great location, 5 minute walk to Fisherman 's Wharf promenade and 5 minute walk to a tram stop.We were given a room over looking the street which proved to be noisey. The reception staff were very accommodating and said the hotel was fully booked but first thing in the morning they would move our luggage to a room over looking the courtyard. This room was alot quiter and you could also open the windows as apposed to the room on street level.The complimentry tea and biscuits in the morning were very good and the restaurant ajoined to the hotel was very pleasant.The hotel was clean, in a good location and we would reccommend it to other travelors.	
Sep 28 2008 	Great Stay	Completed a 3 night stay at the end of September, at the Tuscan Inn - which was excellent! Great location. Room was great - this was an outside room - so a bit of expected street noise - but not obtrusive. Staff were knowledgeable and friendly. The Concierge staff - exceptional and extremely helpful - right from suggestions on transportation/excursion options to recommending an amazing restaurant.	
Sep 19 2008 	Lovely stay at the Tuscan Inn	This hotel seems to get very mixed reviews, particularly about the reception desk staff. I can only think that some of the staff are very good and some equally bad, since our experience was a very positive one. We were greeted warmly and asked how we had enjoyed our stay on leaving. Both check in (when we were able to check in very early) and check out were fine and friendly. We have stayed at this hotel once before, a few years ago, so knew that the rooms were not particularly large. On this occasion our room was quite small, but extremely nice, although it did contain the smallest wardrobe I had ever seen! The hotel is very well situated, 5 minutes walk from Fishermans Wharf, shops, restaurants and cable cars etc. We were fortunate to get an inside (or courtyard) room, so were not disturbed by noise at all (except for 1 night when the fridge went mad!) We had a problem with the AC whilst we were there, but a very friendly and helpful maintenance man came within minutes of reporting it, and had it fixed at the touch of a button. Valet parking is, in my view, unreasonably high at $38 per night, but again we knew this before we arrived so can't really complain. The best point about this hotel is the wonderful restaurant attached to it - Cafe Pescatore. Both breakfast and evening meal were excellent - it is very well used, so bookings are advised for the evening. The late afternoon free wine reception was a really nice touch and we enjoyed this very much. So once again, we enjoyed a lovely stay at this hotel and will almost certainly go back when we next visit SF.	
Sep 16 2008 	DIsappointed in Front Desk Staff and Room Size	We were anticipating a special stay for our anniversary trip.The front desk staff couldn’t even be bothered to greet us hello. She took our confirmation information and was annoyed that we didn't have an additional copy to give her. The room was clean and nicely decorated but very small. The view from our 4th floor window was of two outside building walls, but it was very quiet. My husband talked with the concierge, who he found very helpful. The daily coffee and newspaper in the lobby were nice to have in the early morning. The location is great, only a few blocks from the Wharf. When we checked-out, the front desk clerk didn’t even bother to ask about our stay, which is very unusual. Fortunately, the hotel we stayed at in Monteray more than made up for our disappointing experience at this hotel.	
Sep 16 2008 	Lovely boutique hotel in convenient location	Having stayed at the Argonaut on a previous trip, we were interested to see how the Tuscan would compare. It did not disappoint and cost less for our 4 day stay. The location is fantastic - a 5 minute walk to the Wharf and close to bus and trolley stops.Having read previous reviews, we requested a courtyard room. We were given a room on the 4th floor with a view of a partially constructed building. We were not not concerned about the lack of view as we did not intend spending much time in our room but we did wonder whether there would be any early morning noise. Our concerns were unfounded as we did not hear a sound.The room was a nice size and beautifully furnished. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was clean with a nice selection of toiletries. There was a fully-stocked fridge with snacks and drinks. Although we didn't use it, there was free Internet access in the room. We did however make use of the PC/Internet access available in the lobby without cost.The staff at the front desk could not have been more helpful and whilst we did not avail his services, the concierge always seemed to be busy with guests giving info and advice.The wine reception is a good way to wind down at the end of a busy day sightseeing and also to meet and share experiences with other guests. There was also a gentleman offering massage at this time and we met a few people who had enjoyed his services.Upon checking-in, we were told that we would receive complementary continental breakfast for each morning of our stay. We do not usually rate these well but this was really nice - a large dish of fresh fruit, croissant or a muffin, juice and coffee. We also ate dinner at the hotel restaurant (Cafe Pescatore) one night. The food and service were both excellent.The only negative point was that when we booked our airport transfer through the hotel, we were charged $10 more than the going rate.All in all, we would recommend a stay at the Tuscan and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Good value in heart of fishermans wharf	The hotel was nice. The rooms were nice. No complaints. Close to public transport and walking distance to restaraunt. This was probably not the best pick for us as we don't like tourist areas and Fishermans Wharf if one big tourist service. The food and drink prices in the area were outrageous.Summary: best place to stay in a tourist trap. Especially if you don't have a car.	
Sep 10 2008 	Charming and Comfortable!	I originally requested a courtyard room but since we checked in around 11 a.m. the front desk person said one would be available around 3 p.m. but they had a 4th floor room facing the street available immediately. I am a very light sleeper so I’ll admit I was apprehensive about having a room facing the street. We were pleased that the room was very nice and a decent size for the three of us plus it had a great view of Coit Tower, the Transamerica building and a partial view of Alcatraz through the bay window. The street noise can get loud but we already knew it would be since it IS a street-side window in a busy tourist area. I also brought a sound machine which pretty much drowns out most of the annoying noises so I did manage to sleep very well. The mini fridge was filled with the snacks &amp; drinks but we rearranged things so we could put our own bottles in there. The fridge made no noise at all, the a/c worked fine although we only used it once because it was cool enough for us. Our 11 year old son said that the sofa bed was not comfortable but that is normal for most sofa beds and he slept soundly every night anyway. Our king size bed was comfy, but I thought it should have had king sized pillows as well instead of three standard size ones. The lighting was good which my husband really appreciated because he did a lot of reading during our down time. The bathroom was an adequate size. The sink area is a bit small but there is a small glass shelf above the toilet and one shelf under the sink where hotel towels and a blow dryer are stored but there is enough room for a couple of toiletry bags. The bath has one of those large rain shower heads which we loved and it was so quiet too! The shower curtain rod curves outward to allow more “elbow” room which we really liked. As most hotels in the city, parking is expensive so unless you really need a vehicle it’s cheaper to just buy a MUNI Passport during your stay. There is a nice clock/radio which also has a CD player. We couldn’t figure out how to change the time on it so we just called front desk to request a wake up call each morning. The hotel is charming and comfortable, and the staff is great. The location is hard to beat with a Safeway, Trader Joe’s, Borders, World Market and the cable car all within a block of this hotel. Pier 39 is just a short 5-10 minutes away. We were sort of sad to leave as we transferred to another hotel at Union Square for the second part of our stay. If we were to stay in the Fisherman’s Wharf area, I would absolutely stay at the Tuscan Inn again!	
Sep 6 2008 	Great Hotel	This was a wonderful Hotel. After reading some of the bad reviews, we started to worry about staying here. Our worries washed away the moment we reached the hotel. The staff was amazing, and went out of their way to help us. The coffee and treats in the moring was amazing. The wine and treats at night were great also, nice touch. We took the advice from other reviewers and requested a court-yard side room. Glad we did, it was very quite. Some say the rooms are small, but ours wasn't that tiny. A normal size hotel room compared to other hotel rooms we have stayed in, besides we didn't spend much time in the room when there is so much to do around San Francisco.I will stay here again if I ever get the chance to go back to San Francisco.	
Sep 6 2008 	Helpful staff and great location	This hotel is in a convenient location. It is within walking distance to the wharf, as well as the pier that sails boats to Alcatraz. There are many public transportation options including the cable cars, the trolley line and bus service. It is within easy walking distance to China town and sits within the City's Italian neighborhood. The hotel is across the street from a Dollar rental car drop off, so you can rent a car at the airport, tour the area and then drop the car off when you get into the city. The hotel does have parking, but it is expensive and hard to get around the city while driving. The hotel itself had attractive common areas. The rooms were small, very small. They were, however clean and well equipped. The staff at the hotel more than made up for the tiny rooms. They were extremely helpful and would go out of their way to meet your every demand. The Consigliore was extremely knowledgeable and very helpful. If you are looking for an inexpensive hotel to stay at where the staff will make your tour of their city a good experience, this is it.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great Location!	My wife and I stayed two nights to kick off our honeymoon. The staff was very friendly and we really enjoyed their dinner recommendations. The hotel was clean, and the evening wine hour was a nice touch. The parking was steep (over $40/day after taxes), so if I had to do it again I would have parked 1/2 block north for about half of that. Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel as it is two block from the warf, dining, etc. M&amp;M	
Aug 13 2008	would not recommend it	I am not a hotel snob - I don't mind a little noise, a little bit of dirt, etc. , but given the fairly strong review for this place, I was very disappointed.First, from day one our bathroom had a urine smell that never went away. Otherwise the bathroom was decent enough - decent temperature and decent water pressure.The room was loud loud loud. We were on the fourth floor and could literally hear conversations on the street, with our windows shut. The ac did not seem very accurate or effective and do not book a room with a sleeper sofa. Don't get me going on the noise the fridge made - it sounded like a jet plane every time the motor shifted. I finally had to buy sleeping pill across the street to try to sleep through all of this.Then my last morning, I got to hear a heated argument between the reception desk and the police. The police were investigating something that had happened and staff would not cooperate so the police got very annoyed...all this in front of guest.On a positive note, we did like having a Trader Joe's right behind the hotel and used the mini bar to store our goods.l also enjoyed the morning coffee in the lobby and the free wine. But not enough to every bring me back here.	
Aug 13 2008 	Good Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for three days and then moved down the street to the Hyatt(also reviewed the Hyatt) for three days on our trip.This hotel was clean and in a excellent location to everything.The cable cars were one block behind the hotel,waterfront was two blocks in front of the hotel and the #10 bus to AT&amp;T ballpark was right across the street from the main entrance.We arrived early in the morning and tried to check in and the front desk staff said they would have a room cleaned asap for us.We left and came back two hours later and room was still not ready.We had tickets to a 12:45pm Giants game and were hoping to get our room before going to the game.We were having a casual conversation with the concierge and mentioned this fact to him,he then said he'd see what he could do and had us checked into our room in minutes.The front desk staff didn't seem to care but the concierge who took care of us was great(there were two of them working different days)he also had many suggestions and tips for us about the Bay area.The only other negative and its a small one, was the size of the rooms,they are tiny but were cleaned well and were ready when we returned every day.	
Aug 12 2008 	Good Location Great Value	A good location if you want to be walking distance to sights and transportation. The rooms were very nice, clean and comfortable. The 2-room suite was a little crowded, too much furniture, nicely done otherwise. It's walking distance to many sights,, as well as the cable car line,and the trolleys. Very convenient. Every day in the lobby: a very nice complimentary coffee and biscotti in the morning, and a wine tasting in the evening. Wifi was included if you have your own laptop, otherwise internet available in the lobby. The highlight of this hotel for us was the service offered by the staff, particularly the two concierges on duty while we were there. Their service was of the level and knowledge I would expect at at 5-star hotel. I had also called ahead for some information regarding bilingual tours (information I had a very hard time finding on the internet) , and everything was taken care of for us before we arrived.	
Aug 12 2008 	Nice but has it's drawbacks	The best thing about this hotel is the close proximity to Fisherman's Wharf. The lobby is nice, and the staff was very friendly. The cons about this place is the $38(plus $5.32 tax) a night parking fee. The room was nice (king bed) although smaller than most, and the sink area was poorly designed (functionality) and small. I don't think I would stay here again.	
Aug 11 2008 	Experienced the good and the bad	Similar to some other disgruntled reviewers here I was assigned a different room than I had booked. There were three of us and I had booked a two double bed room and had a confirmation to prove it. I had chosen this hotel for that particular reason as I was having difficulty getting a two bed room at nearby wharf hotels. I was given a king room with a cot on check-in. After a few trips by the clerk back to the manager who remained out of site I was told I had not booked a double bed room but a double occupancy room which wasn't true. They said they noticed we had three people so had automatically provided a cot to our room, I was told they were full and there were no other rooms available. When we got to our room the cot was already there but due to the small room I had to re-arrange furniture to get it to fit, in doing so having to re-assemble their cheap particle board table. The room faced a side street, the street directly below became very active at 5 am with motorcycles in particular in addition to trucks noisily heading up the street. I'm a sound sleeper normally and nothing wakes me so this was just a sign of how noisy it was. I managed to get switched to a two double bed room for our next couple of nights and experienced what all the good reviewers must have. The room was significantly larger, still small but liveable, and although still on the 3rd floor it faced the wharf and what I would have thought was the busier street but the traffic was much quieter and I didn't hear much at all the next two mornings. The valet's were a little slow and I hated the vulture baggage guy. I don't have a problem being helped up to the room although I;m fine doing it myself. This guy immediately put all my bags on the cart while I was pre-occupied with the valet but then while I was trying to correct the problems with the room at check-in he was impatiently trying to get us to hurry up in spite of me telling him just to leave the bags. The location is great, I opted for a Fisherman's wharf stay for vacation having stayed near Union square on business in the past and I'm glad I did as it was easy walking distance to Chinatown and the touristy area of the wharf. I'd be leaving a better rating if I were given the 2nd room on arrival but due to the mix-up and the fact others have experienced the same I'd avoid this hotel in the future opting not to take the chance of another mix-up.	
Aug 10 2008 	A brilliant start to our vacation	Myself and my wife stayed at the tuscan for 3 nights last month, this was our first stop off to a 3 week vacation in the USA and what great a start,....... a superb hotel with staff so helpful/efficient, the food at the pescadora restaurant is a must, and to be quite honest better than most of the other places we ate at on the wharf whilst there, one of which being quoted to being the best ,......... but to us a tourist trap and a big rip off. name given on request.Location of the hotel was ideal to explore the know attractions, with just a 2 min walk to the wharf / ferries and the famous cable cars, which transported you to union square /lombard st etc..Afternoon wine tasting was a cool touch by the hotel staff, and proved very popular with most of the guest including us.had a problem with air-con in the room but within minutes of reporting it to front desk plans were in place to sort, we returned later ot find the room chilled to satisfaction and even a personal note left by the engineer.Would stay here everytime SF	
Aug 7 2008 	Check out the free wine	Our room was small by American standards but really comfortable, well appointed, and quiet. The location is ideal but the car park is really expensive, so if you are ending a trip here, take your hire car back after you have unloaded your luggage and get a taxi to the airport. You can walk or ride the buses in SF, its fun. The lobby area was really pleasant and the free wine (or coffee) gets you talking to other guests. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Don't pay full price there are lots of cheap deals.	
Aug 7 2008 	absolutely loved it	This hotel is awesome..We stayed here for our honeymoon and they had a bottle of bubbly on ice waiting for us in our room..nice touch.The staff were very helpful with suggesting places to eat and with directions of how to get to places eg.baseball.The room was nice. The house keeping ladies were pleasant and always greeted us when we walked past.This hotel is in a perfect location. It is only several blocks from fishermans wharf, not far from the cable cars to union square.The free morning hot cocoa and coffee was nice before our daily excursions.	
Aug 3 2008 	Enjoyed the Tuscan Inn	The Tuscan Inn was in a great location a few minutes from Fisherman's Wharf. It was easy to walk to North Beach as well. We didnt' have a car, so we liked the fact it was a short walk to the cable car stop. The room was small, but clean, quiet, and suited our needs. The afternoon wine and cheese was a nice bonus as was the free Internet. The concierge at the hotel was extremely helpful and nice. He checked into baseball tickets, offered dinner reccomendations, and answered all of our san francisco questions. I would definitely stay at this hotel again in the future. It was a great base to explore San Francisco.	
Aug 2 2008 	A nice surprise.....	What can you say about a place that does not dazzle but delivers solid consistent performance.. The price was reasonable based on others in the vicinity and it does a good job. The room was clean, the staff was great and it was CLOSE to Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf (easy walk). I'd stay there again. The restaurant looks nice but I'm not a big Italian food fan so I bypassed the place. I went with average expectations and came away pleasantly surprised.	
Jul 27 2008 	Fisherman's Wharf overrated	Although we enjoyed our stay at the Tuscan Inn it wasn't all I'd hoped it would be. Probably because I was so disappointed in the Fisherman's Wharf area itself. It was really dirty, crowded, crime-ridden and touristy. The food was bad and overpriced in general. The only place I really liked were some of the places on Pier 39, but I wouldn't eat at a sit-down restaurant here. I would stay in North Beach or Sausalito next trip. Food in North Beach was fabulous!.As far as the hotel, the room was clean but small. Beds very comfortable - we had a King with pull-out sofa for our 12-yr-old son. Nice big flat screen tv. They comped us an in-room movie when I reported that it was &quot;jerky&quot;. Bathroom shower curtain reeked of mildew enough to smell up the room. I should have had them take it down and wash it, but probably got used to it. Staff was great. Concierge very helpful. Location was convenient. Grocery store and Trader Joe's just down the block. Pretty close to North Beach and cable car stops. One afternoon, a car window was broken right outside the hotel so they could steal the contents of the car. Lots of panhandlers. One lady reported cash was stolen out of her car by the valet parkers, but that was too stupid of her to leave it in the car. Parking at $45 a night was outrageous, but probably worth it to keep your car safe.	
Jul 22 2008 	A Good hotel	San Francisco was our final stop on a drive up Highway 1. My wife and two friends stayed here for four nights in July 08. This was our third visit to the city but the first stay at the Tuscan Inn and we would strongly recommend it. We were surprised and delighted when, on arrival, we were given tokens for free continental breakasts. This was unexpected as we hadn't been informed about this by our travel agent. The hotel has a certain individual style that distinguishes it from the Sheratons, Holiday Inns, etc. The reception area is compact and during the free evening wine sampling gets quite busy. The free morning coffee is also well appreciated and attended. We had a rear room which at first disappointed me but the air-con was much quieter than that of our friends who also had a bit of bother with noise from the street. The rooms were a little bit tired and with the simple expedient of renewing the wallcovering would show a great improvement. The bed was comfortable and the rooms and bathrooms were kept clean and although the refrigerators are honour bars the hotel is happy for you to chill your own drinks in them. We found the reception staff, maids and porters friendly and helpful. We have now stayed in three hotels in Fisherman's Wharf but the Tuscan Inn represents a good comprise of location, cost and facilities. Oh and before I forget, the hotel restaurant El Pescatore serves excellent food at reasonable prices. I would recommend a stay at the Tuscan Inn when visiting San Francisco.	
Jul 21 2008	Right position to visit SFO	The hotel is in the right position to visit the city. The price is really convenient. Remember to ask for having a courtyard room ... the risk is to have a room &quot;in the street&quot;.	
Jul 16 2008 	Tuscan is Great Location	Three friends and I just returned from Tuscan Inn, Fisherman'sWharf, in San Francisco. We booked our reservation with Southwest Vacations. We had a great time and could havestayed longer. The room was very nice, and had a nice bathroom. We did have a wall view from the window, but since I was not in the room except to sleep I did not make a big fuss. It was nice having the Safeway store across the street to get snacks. I enjoyed the hot chocolate every morning in the lobby. The fireplace in the lobby was very pretty, and the courtyard flowers were beautiful. The location was perfect. Alot of other hotels were more expensive but we were very happy at the Tuscan. The desk clerks were nice and helpful. My friend celebrated his birthday there!We walked to a lot of places. It was very convenient. We did not have a car, hotel parking is expensive. We had a Tower Tourbus pick us up every morning at the hotel and they did anexcellent job. Also plenty of busses and taxis. Everyone there was friendly to us. We had a great and exciting trip.	
Jul 15 2008 	Loved It!	I spent two nights at this hotel back in August of 2007 at the beginning and end a trip from San Francisco to Monterey. We booked the standard two queen room and were very happy with our stay. The room was wonderful with great beds, a nice bathroom and we also had an excellent view of Coit Tower as well. The location only 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf made it a perfect base for exploring the area, we were able to walk or take public transportation everywhere we went. If we hadn't been driving to Monterey the next day I wouldn't have rented a car. There's no need when staying in this hotel. The valet parking was very convenient and seemed secure as it is attached to the hotel. A lot of hotel parking garages/lots are not on the same premises as the hotel in the area. The restaurant located in the hotel was excellent and the morning coffee/biscotti was really nice as well. Would love to stay there again if we're in the area.	
Jul 11 2008 	No Problems	Great location to Fishermans Wharf. Hotel was excellent. Staff great and helpful. Fishermans Wharf tacky.	
Jul 10 2008	OK but not as good as our last stay	I have stayed at this hotel in the past and liked it very much. This time, I was not very impressed. The room was small, with a king bed, and a truly claustrophobic bathroom. Two bath towels for two adults is just skimpy, and when you close the door to the tub/toilet combination, there is no room to breathe. The bed was comfortable. We were awakened by a loud racket at 0730 - construction nearby. There is no place to conveniently charge phone/blackberry/laptop without crawling around on the floor. Why do hotels not install convenient plugs for guests to recharge the devices with which we are all travelling? Morning coffee quite delicious, but when we checked out at 0545, we were never offered any to drink. Would it have been so difficult to offer us a little coffee, as it was probably ready by then? Location is good.	
Jul 9 2008 	Perfect locatin for exploring the city	Stayed at the Tuscan Inn over the Fourth of July weekend after using Priceline before Christmas to book a room (although I didn't actually think I would get one for only $75/nt over a holiday weekend!).Check in was quick and my boyfriend and I were given a queen room on the fourth floor facing the street. My boyfriend's first response was &quot;wow, this is a tiny room&quot;, but it was what I was expecting considering the location and that this is only a 3-star property. It was in fact a small room (a King size bed would not have fit) with a tiny closet and 2 drawers for storing clothes. Good thing we only packed carry on luggage and didn't have much to put away!The room was always clean and the maid staff was friendly, saying &quot;hello&quot; and &quot;have a nice day&quot; as you passed. We were frequently in and out of the room to change clothes or take a nap and never walked in on a maid (or were walked in on ourselves). One day we had the do not disturb sign on the door before the maid had come so we could rest, and when we finally stepped out for about an hour, we changed the sign for maid service and everything was perfect when we returned!One bad part about the room was that some street noise traveled up, although we were only really disturbed one night when there was a car parked on the street playing loud music with people around it laughing and talking loudly.Pros at the hotel:Staff - Very friendly and helpful. We had to send and receive several faxes during our stay and they were always happy to help. We used the concierge to book theater tickets, which worked flawlessly, and we also called the front desk around midnight our last evening and asked them to arrange an airport shuttle the next day, which they did the following morning when the shuttle company opened.Amenities - While this hotel isn't a luxury property, they have some nice touches like marble bathrooms, mini bar, room service and an evening wine reception every day (which many people attended). The restaurant attached to the hotel is nice, with a great little bar area and friendly bartenders. The restaurant breakfast menu is pretty minimal, but it does the trick.Location - This is the best part of the hotel. Two blocks from Pier 41, one block to the F line street car two blocks to the cable car. This was an awesome area to gain access to many different parts of the city without trying too hard.Overall, I would say this room was not worth the rack rate of $250+ per night, but it was far beyond my expectations at the Priceline bargain rate!	
Jul 5 2008 	Appalling check in and lots of lies	We booked two suites both with a king bed, pre-paid for both suites and received a reservation confirmation from Best Western. On arriving at the hotel we were told that one suite was ready and the other would be an hour or so. When we got to the suite that was ready we found that it was not a one king bed suite but a two bed suite.I rang reception and spoke to a person called Jamelia to ask to be allocated the right type of suite as per our reservation confirmation. Her attitude was appalling and this is where the lies started. She initially said that the reservation had come through incorrect from Best Western or that I had not booked correctly on the website. I offered to take the Best Western reservation confirmation to reception as evidence and she said that this was of absolutely no interest to her and that it made no difference. She then said that there were no king bed suites at the hotel at all and that all suites had two beds. I asked her why their website stated that this type of room was available if they did not exist as she had just stated. She said the website must be incorrect. Next we were offered a standard king bedroom, and I pointed out that this was a cheaper room than the suite we had booked. She said 'well you got a good rate by booking on line'. Like that matters. I had paid $1900 up front for the suites 2 months’ prior when making the booking. I then asked if the next suite would also be two beds instead of the king bed as she had just stated that this type of suite did not exist. Unbelievably she said that this next suite would have a King bed contradicting the lie she had just told us. At this point I asked to be put through to Best Western Customer Services and amazingly our room was changed to a king bed suite as per our reservation within the hour. The funny thing was that when we got to the room, there were welcome cookies and a welcome note for a Mr and Mrs Bonfiglio. So, sorry to this couple as they probably got a load of lies and bull when they arrived to find that they did not get the room they had booked. The hotel is also very noisy but I guess this is inevitable considering the location. The free drinks are great if you and like the feeling of getting something for nothing. Please also beware of the restaurant at the hotel. They state that there is an obligatory service charge for tables of more than 6. We dined as a party of 4 and were still hit with this and then the waitress failed to hand over $10 of change taking this as an additional service charge.On the plus side some of the staff were nice and helpful especially the concierge who was most gracious. The suites are a decent size, clean and the décor is not of a bad standard. If you want to be near Fishermans Wharf the location is great. I did contact Best Western on returning home to see what response I would get after the investigation. Apparently the hotel had told Best Western that we were contacted directly by the management during our stay and that the matter was resolved (we were not contacted). While they apologised for the inconvenience they said that there was nothing more to do as we were eventually given the room we had booked. No mention of the lies, arrogance and ‘up you attitude’ of some of the staff then??	
Jun 24 2008 	Great experience	We stayed here for 4 nights for $125 from Hotwire. The first night we were on the Street, and could here motorcycles racing all night. We complained, and were moved to a quiet room for the duration of our stay. On the morning of the second day my daughter had stomach cramps and we had to go to the emergency room. We left at 6:30 AM, and the front desk and valet had a cab ready with instructions on where to go by the time we came down the elevator. We were very impressed with the service we received. The location for tourists can not be beat. You are 2 blocks from the wharf, the Mason line cable car is right behind the hotel, the F line street car is a block away, and pier 39 and the alcatraz tour is with in walking distance. There is a Trader Joes, Safeway, and Walgreens close by too.The rooms were nice, comfortable, and clean. The shower was great. I am still missing the strong coffee and biscotti we had for breakfast every morning. The next time we are in SF, we will be staying at the Tuscan Inn again.	
Jun 24 2008 	Bunch of criminals be warned	Be aware - they do not honor their reservation guarantees.Booked a most expensive room there a suite - more then $350 per night. They have charged a credit card, send an email - &quot;reservation guaranteed&quot;. Upon arrival, we've been told that they have no room for us. And a manager on duty - Gregory Abdon has started lying to us. His first sentence was - the room is under maintenance. Asked to show the room, which is under maintenance - refused. Asked to speak to his supervisor - refused.His next version was - we do not guarantee the reservations - first come- first served. But what about the 'reservation guarantee' letter, I've got from them? Next version was - well it is not the suite, which is under maintenance, but another room, but refused to show that room as well. Next, we been told, that they have a replacement suite for us in a different hotel, in the different part of city, Having no other choice, went there just to find out that was not a suite, but a regular room.Bunch of liars The most funny part is they have placed us in $125 room (have a print out of it), still trying to charge $350 as for initial charge. Had forced them to get all the charges reversed.By my opinion, that hotel is a bunch of criminals, trying to implement the following criminal scheme.1. Overbook the most desirable hotel in the Kimpton chain.2. Move overbooked people to a different hotel in a different part of the city, within the chain, which is virtually empty.3. Collect the same rate as for Fisherman's Wharf location.4. The child hotel in the different part of city returns Fisherman's Wharf's hotel part of the initial fee, and they simply collect a difference from the air.Anyone with the same experience - I'll be glad to file a law suite against them.Our well planned vacation has been ruined.Be warned.	
Jun 23 2008 	Amazing Find!	I stayed at this hotel because of a booking on Priceline. I got a GREAT price on the hotel and was extremely happy with the hotel. First, it is in a fantastic location - blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and within walking distance to so many things! Right from checking in, the staff was unbelievable! Every single staff member we came into contact with was extremely helpful and very nice! The room was on the smaller side but there was definitely enough room for two of us. The coffee, tea and biscotti in the morning is very nice. I would highly recommend this hotel!!	
Jun 21 2008 	Loved it but noisy!	This hotel was wonderful in every way EXCEPT it was noisy at night. Our rooms faced the street rather than the courtyard and the traffic - especially the motorcycles - were loud all night long. You can drown out the noise with the fan, except if the fan is on then the air conditioner will cause it to go on an off, so you have the fan on and are too hot or the air on and intermittent noise. I suggest you request a room facing the courtyard (even numbered rooms, I think?) or pack a fan!Very comfortable beds and rooms - nice decor!Don't miss the 5 O'Clock wine hour. This is a great Italian tradition that matches the theme of the hotel.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great Experience	We have been planning this trip for a year. We used priceline to try to find us a 4 star hotel near the wharf. Well we got a Hotel . We arrived wondering what to expect and as soon as we arrived the staff made us feel welcomed .The 5 o'clock wine gathering in the lobby is terrific. rooms are clean,new, quiet, and relaxing.The concierge service is second to none. I highly recommend this hotel and even my call it a 5 star...	
Jun 19 2008	Don't stay here- they charge $75 if you depart a day early on mult- night stay	I was told that they required 24 hours to change dates of stay or cancel. I checked in and had planned on staying three nights. After the first night, I found out that I would be leaving one day early and told them -- more than 24 hours in advance -- that I would be leaving one day early. I was charged a $75 early departure fee. I will never stay here again and recommend you do not either.	
Jun 18 2008 	Great Find in the City	Charming hotel, reasonably priced right at Fisherman's Wharf.In the same area as the Radisson and the Sheraton. When I walked in I immediately thought &quot;boutique hotel&quot; not &quot;Best Western&quot;. It reminded me of the Napa River Inn in Napa, CA.They take the &quot;Tuscan&quot; theme all the way. When you call the hotel they say &quot;Buon Giorno&quot; and play Italian music while you are on hold. The valets are dressed like Venetian gondoliers. The lobby is reminiscent of Italy. Lovely potted flowering plants and trees fill the view from the picture window in the lobby, while a welcoming fire is lit in the lobby fireplace.... even though the day we were there, it was sunny and a pleasant 78. The next day was windy and the fog was blowing in, so the fire was quite apropos. We arrived early - noonish, and check-in is not til 3 p.m. They were very accomodating and allowed us to park the car in their garage (added charge at all hotels in SFO) and leave our bags in a secure room until check-in, so we could go out and start our day in SFO. They upgraded us to a suite and told us they would call on our cell phone when the room was ready. They called within an hour! The room was spacious, very clean and tastefully decorated. They could have made the LR area smaller to accomodate the King size bed in the BR better - not much room between the bed and the TV stand to squeeze by. Be sure to ask not to be put in the rooms right above the driveway/entry. At 6 a.m. they roll out the dumpster and the garbage truck comes roaring up to empty it (clang, bang) and then backs up to leave (beep, beep, beep). A half hour later the neighboring business hauls their dumpster out for pick-up and another garbage truck comes along.... A minor disturbance in an otherwise great hotel.Overall I would rate this hotel as Excellent.	
Jun 17 2008	OK but.......	I'm not quite as impressed with the place as most seem to be. To begin, I'm more of what you'd call a budget traveler, and although I got this place at a good price via Priceline, there are some things to consider. First, the biggest &quot;gotcha&quot; is the mandatory valet parking. With taxes, it set me back over $43; and for me, that's rather stiff. The room was clean, but on the small side, especially in width. If someone was sitting at the desk (located at the center of the room in front of the bed), there is no room for another person to get by.Comfortable bed, but nothing special. No pool, spa or workout room that I could find. It is centrally located to the Wharf, within reasonable walking distance of Pier 39, etc. Not trying to bad mouth the Tuscan, it is a nice place to stay, and if you're not put off by the valet parking, you shouldn't be too disappointed.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great Hotel	My son, his girlfriend, and I stayed four nights recently at Tuscan Inn. The location is great, the hotel is very clean and nicely decorated. Rooms are small, but they have everything you need. Coffee in the mornings in the lobby, and wine in the afternoons are a nice touch. Adjoining restaurant was really good. Tourists from all over the USA and world were there. Concierge desk stayed very busy. I enjoyed my four nights there and I will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 11 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	My wife and I took a weekend trip up to San Francisco and wanted to stay at a place that was cheap and close to Fisherman's Wharf. This place did not disappoint.Our room was only $99 per night through some promotion found on Travelzoo. I figure you get what you pay for... but the room was actually pretty nice. There wasn't much of a view (I think the window faced the adjacent building) but the room was fairly large, clean, and the room (as well as the whole floor) was nice and quiet. There was a very private feel to the hotel. They also had a staffmember serve soda and wine in the loungy lobby area in the early evening, which was a nice bonus. The surrounding area of the hotel, to our surprise, seemed safe and relatively clean. But the location was great... just a few blocks from the touristy parts of the Wharf. Would definitely recommend this hotel for your next brief stay in the bay.	
Jun 9 2008 	great hotel	we just stayed at the tuscan inn for about 5 nights. it was definetely worth it. we had a great room, clean and spacious enough for 2 adults and 2 small kids. and the price was fantastic. we first booked thru hotels.com and thought we got a great deal..our sf itinerary changed a bit, and we needed another 2 nights at the tuscan inn, and the hotel said they would match our hotels.com price, they actually gave us a lower price than that! wow! all the staff we encountered were super friendly and the hotel location is great..enjoy your stay there, i'm sure you'll love it.	
Jun 8 2008 	Really enjoyed this hotel	I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the hotel. It was reasonable and close to Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel offered coffee, tea, and biscotti in the morning and wine and an appetizer in the late afternoon. The staff were helpful and efficient. I had not stayed in a Best Western in a while, and I was very pleased.	
Jun 1 2008 	Fantastic stay	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for 4 nights. The room was just the right size for 2 people and 2 suitcases (how big do you need it?), and the king size bed was spacious and comfortable. Our room was at the back of the hotel which meant we got no street noise. Cafe Pescatore next door was good for breakfast, and the wharf is only 5 mins walk with loads of places to eat. We got snacks from Safeway opposite the hotel opposite to the right, and the cable car stop was one street behind the hotel to the left. One thing you must do when at the wharf is have a clam chowder in a bread bowl, the best one we found was at the aptly named Chowders on pier 39 next to the wipeout cafe. It was delicious!Back to the hotel, we didn't go to the wine evenings but they were always busy so it must be good. As we probably won't be going back to San Francisco ( As much as we loved it, it's rather a long way) we won't be staying here again, but would definately recommend it to anyone else.	
Jun 1 2008 	Overall Excellence!	Arriving mid-afternoon, after a rather &quot;fast&quot; shuttle ride from the airport to Fishermans Wharf, we entered the hotel lobby, and was quite surprised. From outside, the building didn't really shout out to us. Checking in was easy, with very friendly, helpful front desk staff. Our room was upgraded complimentary. The room was clean, quite large with a very large bed, plus room for a sofa, table, large TV and extra chair. The bathroom was clean, well lit, and always well stocked with shampoo etc and towels. The bed was really comfortable, and we had a good nights sleep every night. The only odd thing was the bathroom door and room door opened outwards into the room and hallway respectively. Our room faced the small courtyard in the centre of the hotel, not the street, so noise was kept to a minimum.The complimentary wine in the evening was a great bonus as was the tea, coffee and hot chocolate in the morning. Not very far at all to the seafront. Only 2 blocks!!Safeway and Walgreens across the road for those little snacks,drinks and souveneirs. Denny's about 3 blocks away! Great!! There is plenty to do here in Fishermans Wharf. Would recommend to anyone to stay here, and we would stay here again.	
May 31 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Fantastic choice, 10 days at the Tuscan, location is wonderful only a couple of blocks from pier 39. The Coffee and Biscotti in the morning were a nice touch, and the wine tasting every evening became a must get back to the hotel for. Room spacious 2 double beds gave us plenty of room, the beds were comfortable and the bathroom was a good size. there is a bar up the road if you are a sports fan at the grand hyatt which is worth a visit. Overall a fantastic time was had there and i look forward to returning A+++++++++++++	
May 29 2008 	Perfect Location and Lovely Inn	Our room was absolutely lovely, although dresser drawers and closet were small. The bed was very comfortable. Windows don't open - so no fresh air. Internet is free. I needed something printed two different times, and after following their directions I went to the front desk and was able to get it right away. There is a small refrigerator, but it was stocked so very little space for our own &quot;goodies&quot;. The location is perfect - two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and only a block to the street car and trolley. The bathroom was large and included a mounted makeup mirror. Towels were large and soft. The shampoo, conditioner, soap and lotion they provide is heavenly! Coffeemaker in the room and when &quot;regular&quot; coffee wasn't left one day, it was delivered immediately when I requested it. Lots and lots of restaurants nearby. We had a wonderful time and would definitely stay here again.	
May 26 2008 	Tuscan Inn was incredible	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. I was on a strict budget for my trip to SF and was thrilled to get this hotel for $59 on Priceline (off season, and between conventions, I did my homework). The hotel is perfectly located in my opinion: close to Fisherman's Wharf, but away from the crowds; within a very short walk to North Beach (an absolute must see); literally around the corner from the cable cars (buy a multi day pass-much cheaper); stores and restaurants closeby; excellent transportation connections besides the cable car. The hotel itself is elegant, but not stuffy. One of the friendliest desk/concierge staffs I've encountered (they made a luggage tag, mapped out driving directions, gave bus/trolley directions, gracious with special requests, wine &amp; cheese hour etc). The rooms are abit smallish (absolutely typical of SF), but immaculately maintained, and tastefully decorated, with excellent bathroom facilities. One stand out example: the painter who was touching up nicks on the hall mouldings, cheerfully greeted me in the morning on my way out. I am a budget traveller who has travelled all over the world, and this hotel is one of my top five picks for best value (just don't pay rack rate). This hotel is managed by the Kimpton folks and they do a great job for the price.	
May 20 2008 	Terrific stay at the Tuscan Inn	Tuscan Inn has it all, exellant location,very close to public transport, very clean, impeccable, friendly service and a supermarket opposite. Our king bed room was quite overlooking the courtyard and the decor lovely. The complimentary toiletries, coffee and biscotti and the happy hour drinks each eveing just go to prove they go the extra mile.We found a great breakfast place just around the corner in Taylor St, called Darren's Cafe, good prices with excellant food and service. I would not hesitate to stay here again and highly recommend it.Shona of Sydney/London	
May 19 2008 	Would stay here again eventhough we had an issue	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn, because its walking distance to the Cruise Pier. We were going on a cruise and wanted to be close to cruise terminal. Not only close, but in the Fishermans Wharf area, did not need to rent car, public transportation out front. Our room was very nice and comfy, only complain about room was it was too small. Would stay here again, event hough they did not know what they did with our luggage when we checked out, but I am trying to work with them now about it, we eventually found it, but the experience was not great. (lack of communication and very unhelpful about it on there end)	
May 8 2008 	Reasonable value for money	Hotels in SF are not cheap,and room sizes are not overly big,so a pretty tiny room for $180 was no big surprise. Valet parking for $40 per night seems a bit steep,but at least the service was efficient and quick.Overall the Tuscan Inn is a nice hotel. very clean,well maintained,with efficient,if not overly friendly service. the couple of faults with room features were fixed very quickly,which was a nice change from the interminable wait often suffered in European properties.The hotel makes a big thing of the coffee/bisc service in the morning,and this is quite nice. I'd say that,as far as the evening (5 to 6 ) wine service is concerned,if you happen to be in the hotel,it's fine. But not worth rushing back from a day out for.Breakfast was OK,but expensive. Much better option is Pats Cafe,just round the corner nr the cable car terminus.	
May 7 2008 	Nice hotel!	This hotel is close to where you want to be. Great room! Everything was clean, good staff...The hotel is in very good condition. The prize for vallet parking is steep but I think you can expect that anywhere you go in San Francisco. Would stay here again!	
Apr 25 2008	Beautiful Hotel	Wow it was absolutely beautiful. Easy walking distance to all the attractions at Fishermans Wharf.Really enjoyed the friendliness of the staff and the big rooms.Very Clean and a wonderful atmosphere.Complimentary drinks are provided each evening for an Hour.Trolley Car was just down the street and plenty of supermarkets in the area to pick up supplies.We had the most wonderful time and as Arnie says........I will be back !	
Apr 23 2008 	Great stay	Have just returned from a 5 day stay -we are a family of 4 with 2 daughters aged 15 and 20. We stayed in a family room which was not enormous but plenty big enough for us all. Shower/bathroom was good with good shower and plenty of space.We had a fridge and television and coffee making facilities. Beds were very comfortable and although we were at street level it was not noisy at all.The free coffee and biscotti in the morning kept us going until breakfast. We used the Hollywood Cafe-turn left out of hotel and it is a short distance up on the other side of the road opposite the Hilton. The breakfasts are brilliant and cheap.Evening wine hour from 5-6 was also good -free wine and nibbles and a chance to talk to other guests about places to visit , eat etc.Rooms were well cleaned and reception staff helpful.Take a jacket -it was sunny but windy on the wharf-we were also glad of a scarf.It meant we did not have to buy a SF fleece like a lot of other people!Our best bits were a visit to the Coit Tower, lunch at The Cheesecake factory at the top of Macey's, riding the cable cars, the bus tour and exploring the wharf area as well as the shops downtown. We walked a lot which meant we could eat the fantastic pancakes every day and plenty of cheesecake.We felt totally safe wherever we went.We all found plenty to do and had a great time -we flew to Las Vegas after that!	
Apr 12 2008 	Very Nice --Would recommend to my friends	We read reviews on many hotels looking for above average accomodations in a convenient location. The Tuscan Inn fit that well. Very comfortable stay and got a good deal on Orbitz to boot. Only drawback is room size. We started w/ a king w/ sofa bed for my son but we were tripping on each other so we upgraded to a suite. We also moved from a street view room to a courtyard as the street noise was extremely loud. Staff was some of the nicest I have encountered in a long time. The concierge here was 1st class. Would highly remonmmend this hotel.	
Apr 11 2008	great hotel	Great hotel, nice location for everything! Very clean, get a glass of wine free between 5&amp;6pm in the lobby. Get an internal top floor room if you can, no noise from traffic or people upstairs. There's no view anyway so best to get some peace and quiet (no that it a noisy hotel anyway). Also book Alcatraze trip as soon as you get there (from Pier 31 I think it was) as it gets busy days in advance.	
Apr 5 2008 	Great rooms; great staff; great hotel	Just got back from a recent trip to San Francisco. Stayed at the Tuscan Inn near Fisherman's Wharf and it was excellent. Tuscan Inn has exceptionally helpful and friendly staff. There was never a time where I saw the concierge desk unstaffed. In fact, the concierges seemed to be the busiest people in the hotel; always assisting someone with a reservation, recommendation, a jogging route, etc. The hotel had nIce, well-decorated, fairly-modern rooms. Some of the common spaces are a little worn but our king guest room was very comfortable. OK... this is Fisherman's Wharf so there are some obnoxious, tourist-trap activities around. But.. the hotel is also only a few blocks from North Beach where we found some great little restaurants and cafes. Would definitely return to SFO and to the Tuscan Inn!	
Apr 3 2008 	Excellent location friendly staff clean and pleasant rooms	I was forwarned to expect small rooms, but I thought the Tuscan Inn had rooms typical or even generous for an urban hotel -exceeded my expectations. Our family of 2 adults and one teen was comfortable with two double beds. The hotel has recently been refurbished, and was very clean and comfortable. Our 4th floor room was street side so there was some traffic noise at night, but not so much that it bothered any of us. All the staff was excellent, but the concereige, Clay, really went above and beyond to help us find our way around San Fransisco. I was very delighted with the pleasant and professional hotel staff all the way from the doormen to the desk clerks. The hotel has a wine reception from 5-6pm every evening which is a nice touch. The location was excellent - near the waterfront, the aquarium, Pier 39, Giradelli Square etc and very easy walk to cable cars, trolleys and bus routes. We didn't rent a car and instead bought a 3 day transit pass for 18pp which saved alot of money considering our frequent use of the Cable cars especially. It was very easy to get around using the transit system. We had a wonderful time in SF and the Tuscan Inn was a part of it.	
Mar 31 2008 	Location Location Location	Stayed March 14 - 17, 2008. The Tuscin Inn is a great hotel depending your room location. Location is the best. Everything is in walking distance, shopping, etc. The weather is great, just a little cold and windy but no rain; there were sunny days on our trip. Walgreens was a great store and purchase clothing less than the vendor on the street were offering. I had a government rate which was very good for the room selection. We had a double beds for the first 2 nights and a suite for the next two nights. The room are exact has they appear on the wedsite. Made our reservations on Best Western.com. The room 454 had double beds and no view. The closet are very small but the room was comfortable. When checking in remember to asked for the bar key so you can store beverages in the refrigerator. Room 402, was the suite, large bathrooom, no closet space, nice room, fireplace, but the sofa bed was terrible. In addition, the heater did not work, so I had to order additional blankets to get warm...even received a slight cold upon return. Room 402 did have a view, they were willing to change room but we had already uppacked and did not realize the heater was not working until our 2nd night. Did not asked for a discount; they told me to contact Manager who was unable at the time each time I inquired. The Corceige was excellent and some of the hotel staff did care and others did not (may be the government rate). The coffee in the morning was great; did not attend the wine party. Did not eat at the restaurant, but room service was great. If you book a room, asked for the courtyard view if possibe. Location is everything at this site; everything you need is right in the area. Pier 39 and other activities are in walking distance. Do you go the aquarium; not worth the price.Grayline tours were great. Took the $10 per person on the ride around the bay (best price). The battleship was a great tour also. Did not do Alcaraz tour due to the kids. Overall, the stay at The Tuscan Inn was great and would highly recommend due to the room service. There are other hotels in the area who do not offer room service. We traveled with 2 adults and 2 children.	
Mar 28 2008 	Loved the Tuscan Inn San Francisco	I am always concerned when I book a hotel on Fishermans wharf in San Francisco, as many are very run down. When I drove up to this hotel it was excellent. There were 2 doormen just waiting to help you. The hotel has been renovated in the past 2 years and it was great. The staff very polite smiling and helpful.The lobby was comfortable Every evening, guests are welcome to the hosted evening Wine and Italian Beer reception from 5:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m and always have Italian roast coffee, tea and biscotti in the lobby. Free high speed wireless Internet access, which in San Francisco most always has a charge. I will always come back to this hotel for business travel or for pleasure.I travel quite often and have stayed in many different hotels. Right now this hotel is at the top of my list. I will always tell everyone to try it.	
Mar 20 2008 	Loved this hotel and location! Great city for couples	Loved the location of this hotel! It was near the ocean- about 2 blocks away. Location was also near Pier 39 (shopping, sea lions, and marina), Ghiradelli's chocolate factory, and Alcatraz. Lots of little shops nearby- very touristy. At Pier 39 the shops were nicer with a great outdoor atmosphere. Loved eating at Bubba Gump Shrimp Co.- as in Forest Gump. Great shrimp, fish, chicken fingers, hushpuppies, etc with lots of windows to enjoy the ocean and marina. The gift shop is great, too, if Forest Gump is one of your favorite movies like mine. My husband and I went for our anniversary and it was perfect. The Golden Gate Bridge is unbelievable! It just makes you happy inside seeing it. We walked across and back which was so nice to enjoy each other's company without toddlers wrapped around our legs. With this hotel we received a free 1 hour tour/cruise around Alcatraz and down to the Golden Gate Bridge. You also get 2 free transportation passes each day of your stay that we used for the trolley systems. Their travel system is called the MUNI and includes the trolleys or the city buses. The drivers are a great help for any questions you have. We used the trolley and buses for the Golden Gate Bridge. WE Loved the Trolleys! You can just ride with no particular destination in mind to get a feel for the city. Also great for going to the section of the city for the major shopping area (I can't remember what it's called but the area feels like New York City- very busy, hustle and bustle.) And remember the MUNI passes were free! We rented a car to go to Napa Valley to see the vineyards and Muir Woods to see the giant redwood trees. This was a nice little morning hike that my husband really enjoyed. Whatever the weather says for your trip to San Fran, take a heavy jacket/ coat. Everybody that doesn't do this buys one at the little tourist shops. (smile) Hotel was clean and a great price. However, don't count on the concierge for help. He was always covered up when we went by. This city is a must for any couple!	
Mar 16 2008 	Great Stay!!	Great location, near lots of stuff to walk too. Concierge was EXCELLENT!!! His name was Clay, very helpful and spent lots of time with you. Has a restraunt/bar in hotel, limited italian food, but nice to sit and have a few drinks. Rooms nice, beds very comfortable!. Would stay again.	
Mar 16 2008	A great hotel in a great location	We stayed here for 3 nights on our way to New Zealand.The reception staff were very welcoming and the room was large and well appointed.We were worried about walking around the area at night but there is no problem. It is 2 blocks from the wharf and the roads are wide and well lit. We walked all over the area in the evenings and didn't encounter any problems. The cable car is a couple of blocks away so from the hotel you can get around most of the tourist sights easily.Breakfast is taken in their Italian Restaurant and it was very good. We also ate one evening meal here and again the food was good. We would definitely stay here again	
Mar 14 2008 	Couldn't have been better	Booked this on Expedia on one of their 24 hour half-price specials. For $99, we had a room on the fourth floor with courtyard view. It was quiet and comfortable. Both the bedroom and bathroom had plenty of room. Tuscan Inn is within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf, Ghiradelli Square, Lombard Street, &amp; Cable Cars. The front desk was helpful in providing the $11 all-day cable car/F-Line pass (Otherwise it's $5 per one-way ride). The concierge was knowledgeable not only about where to eat but where to find the cheapest gas on the way to the airport. Valet parking was $45 per night with tax, but that includes in and out privileges and my car was there whenever I needed it. Next time we have a layover in San Francisco, Tuscan Inn will be our first choice.	
Mar 8 2008	Warm and Comfortable	Stayed three nights and wish we could stay longer. The staff members were extra helpful, the room well decorated, detailed, clean, and bright. Liked the wine, beer, and soft drinks happy hour, the proximity to all points of interest in Fisherman's Wharf, the cable cars, grocery stores, gym, etc. This is a real find. Nice Italian restaurant in hotel, too. Watch out for steep parking rates of about $45 per night. This total includes the taxes and tips for mandatory valet parking.Aside from the parking rate, you won't be disappointed.	
Mar 6 2008 	Loved the Tuscan Inn	Beautifully furnished rooms. Was disappointed not to have a small refrigerator or a clock radio.Maid service was excellent ! Front desk and bell men were all very friendly and efficient. They gave out maps to help us find Chinatown, Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, as well as point out bus routes.The flower boxes around the hotel and in the court yard were beautiful as well. We would stay here again.	
Mar 2 2008	will stay again	we found a friendly staff through out the hotel great location,rooms were small but as pointed out to me all land is prime in the area and all places have small rooms. we had 4 adults and 2 double beds but so much to do in the area only used our room to sleep anyway. large clean bathrooms fully stocked with everything needed. all 4 of us said we would go back there again. what a nice clean friendly place to stay,	
Feb 26 2008	Good experience	We stayed for two nights (Sat/Sun) in mid-February. Didn't notice any renovation noise, as noted by a few other reviewers. However, when we arrived at our room there was a maintenance worker there measuring the bathroom counter, so maybe they're doing work in some units.The Tuscan theme, although not entirely successful in making you forget what continent you're on, made for a very pleasant and comfortable decor nonetheless. We had a standard king room (ask for courtyard view to avoid street noise) -- the room was small but it worked fine for a short stay. The room has a mini-fridge/bar. No breakfast provided other than coffee/tea and small biscotti pieces. They do host a wine/beer reception from 5-6pm every evening.The location is fabulous. Walk in one direction, and you're at the bay looking for the Golden Gate bridge through the fog. Walk in another direction, and you're soon on Columbus Avenue heading toward the Italian neighborhood of North Beach. Walk in a third direction, and you'll be sipping Ghiradelli hot chocolate very soon.For entertainment, I highly recommend the musical comedy currently at the Pier 39 theatre: Insignificant Others. It's about 5 friends from Ohio (3 straight women, 2 gay men) who all move to San Francisco and help each other navigate through their new lives (and loves) in the city by the bay.	
Feb 23 2008	Stay away during renos	We stayed here for 4 nights in early/mid February, after much research online and in travel books. I thought that I had found accommodation that was both within our budget and of high quality. Yes, there IS construction going on, and it started every morning at 9:00am for us; if you will be gone by this time, and away until after supper, then there shouldn't be a problem, provided you have a room facing the courtyard (away from the busy street in front). Issues we ran into:-Didn't have the room as requested in my reservation, so they had to put me in a queen bed on day 1, then move to a king days 2-4.-The first night, we also had to be moved at 2:00am because our ventilation started clicking non-stop--repair person came, suggested we just move rooms. Would have been ok, if not for:-Construction at 9:00am each morning. Heard it loud and clear on floors 2 and 4.-Also, placed us in a king suite that was joined with another room via a private doorway; the noise from the other family with kids was evident as of 7am as well. But, we couldn't move again because there were no other rooms available with king.-Showed up for breakfast in their restaurant at 10:31am--I'm not exaggerating--would not serve us, since they said they stop taking orders at 10:30am--the place had one other couple in it--could they afford to lose business over one minute? I guess so.Perhaps I had higher expectations, or perhaps not...Staff at front desk was fine, obviously the restaurant could use some work...Rooms were clean, always done promptly. Location was nice for getting all around the city; we mostly walked from place to place, even to and from downtown along the Embarcadero.The reno's look to be in full swing; I would doubt anything will be winding down in the near future; I'd certainly call their front desk and make sure that there are NO renovations being done prior to coming. Happy travelling!	
Feb 23 2008	A good choice	We have stayed in San Francisco on two previous occasions - firston Union Square and second @ Fishermans Wharf. We elected to stay for our third visit at fishermans Wharf again as we felt it had more to offer for tourists. The Tuscan Inn was a great choice. The beds very comfortable, rooms tastefully decorated and were very clean and comfortable. We arrived mid December and the Christmas ambience was fantastic - Christmas tree, open fire place and pre dinner drinks in the foyer. The morning complimentry coffee was good but we still needed to have breakfast out and about. We would definitely stay there again on our next visit to SF - value for money!	
Feb 20 2008 	Good location but teeny rooms	We stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn for 2 nights in January. Staff was pleasant, bellhops were more than happy to get us a cab. Good location a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, if that's where you want to be. After strolling around the city, I thought a more fun neighborhood to stay in would have been Italy. Also, our room was so teeny tiny, we had to let each other pass by between the end of the bed and the desk, because there wasn't enough room for two people. I guess the price was good for the city, but the room was just too small.	
Feb 17 2008 	Beware of jack-hammering renovations	We booked our stay at the Best Western Tuscan Inn Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco based on it's #1 status on Trip Advisor and great review in Frommer's San Francisco 2007 travel guide. We booked directly with the hotel and called to confirm our reservation the night before. We were very pleased with the hotel's location right in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf/North Beach...close to great restaurants (Pat's Cafe &amp; The Buena Vista), transportation (buses, trolleys, &amp; ferries), and the waterfront but what we weren't informed of was the on-going, messy &amp; noisy renovations (Frommer's listed the property as having completed room renovations in 2005). There was no mention from hotel staff...all that was present was a dumpster out front and a small sign on our floor (2nd) saying sorry for any inconvenience. Thankfully we took off early every morning so we really didn't hear the workers until our last day. The jack-hammering in the room next to us started at 8:30am and was still in full swing at noon when we checked out. My husband mentioned to the front desk staff that it would have been appreciated if someone had told us about the renovations when we made our reservation or at check in and was told that the hotel manager set the policy that the staff was to not tell guests. We would recommend this hotel but not until the renovations are fully complete.	
Feb 16 2008	Great hotel	The service in the hotel was really good. The room was large and very comfortable with a nice large bathroom. The location was also right next to Fisherman's Wharf and a 3 minute walk to the cable car. Would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 15 2008 	The perfect San Francisco treat.....	I stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn at fishermans wharf last year, and when i booked the room I was just glad that i got a room at a good location in S.F. But when i got there ...I was truly impressed. You immediately get the feel of &quot;Tuscan Inn&quot; as soon as you walk in. The hotel has the perfect location for a S.F. weekend....you can walk to a lot of the city and there is a trolly car ride not too far. The hotel is clean and very nicely decorated. They even have a nice evening cocktail hour. The rooms were nice but not spectaular...as they were a little small. But stil thats being picky. In the morning the conceirge , told us about a little breakfast place in the morning only a 5 minute walk from the hotel that was out of this world. Sometimes , you get such a perfect vacation that you feel like you have to take a new trip more often , this hotel definetly made me feel that way. Highly recommended , for a great weekend getaway to the Bay area.	
Feb 7 2008 	10 Gold Stars	The Tuscan Hotel in Fishermans Wharf is outstanding.The location; the rooms; the staff; the concierge; the Managers nightly wine reception (nice touch); everything about this hotel made our holiday MAGIC.Thanks to all.	
Jan 20 2008 	highly recommend	Highly recommend, great location, clean, quiet, friendly, nicely decorated, happy hour 5p-6p, just tea/coffee avail in am.Less expensive than originally booked b/c special winter rate.	
Jan 16 2008 	A Little Gem in a Sea of Tourist Schlock	The Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco is in such a great location for tourism, I'm surprised there isn't a much larger hotel here. After reading countless reviews of this property, I was confident we could have an enjoyable stay here and avoid any potential pitfalls - and we were not disappointed. I discovered a special rate at Travelzoo, which probably swayed me to try this hotel, and made my own reservation with Best Western. There was no problem in them honoring the special rate. If you are bothered by street noise then be sure to ask for a room with a courtyard view. The courtyard is tiny - but we could not detect any street noise in our room on the second floor looking over the courtyard. Currently (January 2008) they are remodeling some rooms on the upper floors, and there is considerable construction noise in some areas that started after 9:30 AM and stopped by 5:00 PM. It would be a good idea to ask for a room away from the construction for the least noise, if you are going to be in your room during the day or sleeping in late. Gregory, at check in, was quick and polite and helpful with our request for a courtyard room. The room is a bit on the small-side, but I think that is the standard in San Francisco with only a few exceptions. Our room was very clean and fresh-smelling. One window did open, which kept the room from getting stale. Drawer space was minimal, with only two small but deep drawers, and the closet was a little small. Clothes for two people for five days maxed out the tiny closet. There is a refrigerator in the room with is also the mini-bar, so there isn't a lot of room in there for take-out food, but is ample for medications, etc. If you plan to use the refrigerator, make sure to take a key to the mini bar, or it will be able to get into it. The room includes a ironing board and iron, although using it would make the room a bit cramped. There is a wall-mounted hair dryer in the bathroom. The restaurant in the hotel - Cafe Pescatore - does the breakfast run for room service, it was adequate but a little overpriced. Lunch and dinner room service is provided by North Beach Pizza, which deliveries many Italian specialties including pasta, entrees, salads, sandwiches and of course - pizza. However, there are countless restaurants of all sorts and price ranges within a 1-4 block walk of this hotel, there is little reason to order room service. We were very happy with the location of this hotel. Within two blocks (and not even uphill!) you could catch the Mason-Powell cable car, also many of the Muni Buses go by the hotel and the &quot;F Line&quot; historic streetcar is only one block away. Just a 3 block walk north and you are on the waterfront of Fisherman's Wharf. There are two grocery stores (Safeway and Trader Joe's) within 2 blocks of the hotel. One of the things we enjoyed most, was walking away from the touristy area of Fisherman's Wharf and onto the side streets to look for restaurants. There are many smaller places with very good food at very reasonable prices, all within walking distance. Each night when we returned to our room, it had been cleaned up very nicely and restocked. We made sure to tip the housekeeping staff each morning, perhaps that insured that they did an outstanding job every day. We felt we got a reasonable value for the $99 rate we received and assuming we could get a similar or better rate, we would stay here again.	
Jan 9 2008 	Warm cozy Inn :)	The chinese lady manager who checked us in was a little on the snobbish side. The room is a little small, not much space for walkin after putting 2 open luggages. Overall it was cozy, love the folded little wooden planks window. Our windows faced the interior part of the hotel, no noise disturbance at all. The free drinks held every evening are welcoming after a long day out.Location wise, it is very centralized, walkable distance to the fisherman's wharf as well as the cable cars at both Hyde and Powell Streets (that is if you were to visit Chinatown, unionsquare, etc). There is a bus going to Japantown just right opposite of the Inn.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great stay but room 127 noisy	We stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn between Chirstmas and New Years. We too had a bad experience with street noise in room 127. It seemed as if the windows were open as it was that loud. We requested a change to another room for the remainder of our stay and they were very helpful and immediately moved us to room 361 which was quiet and peaceful. I would definately stay there again and recommend it to others, but only if you reserve an off-street or courtyard room.We were able to get a great $99.00 per night rate through travelzoo.com and I did not felt we received a great value.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great Location!	My husband and I spent 2 nights at the Best Western Tuscan Inn. My husband called the day before to ask if we could check in early as we were due to arrive 3 hours before check-in time, which is 3 pm. They said it would not be a problem. We arrived at the San Francisco airport and took at taxi to the hotel. The cost for the taxi was approx. 40.00 plus tip. We decided to take a taxi as we wanted to get checked in fast because we were due to take the Alcatraz tour at 1:55 pm. When we arrived at the hotel there was no problem getting a room. She told us the only room ready was facing the court yard. This was fine as we knew we'd only be sleeping in our room so the view didn't matter. We were given room 421. The room was small but it was fine for sleeping. It was clean, although I did notice several spiders in the room. Just small ones though. The bed was very comfortable as were the pillows. There was internet access available through your TV. There was a keyboard provided. We did not use this service but thought it was nice that it was available if needed. The room also came equipped with an alarm clock radio. There were a few things that bothered me, after leaving a tip the first day the maid never bothered to refill our shampoos, conditioner, or soap, and removed the part bottles that we had not used. I had thankfully kept some from the hotel we stayed at in Toronto before departing. The other thing that bothered me was after returning to our room in the late evening our window was left wide open. It was freezing cold in the room and I don't think it warmed up even with the heat on until the next day. Now I know we were on the 4th floor, but still I don't think it was proper for the maid to leave our window open all day/evening. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant, we chose to eat at the IHOP around the corner for breakfast and it was good food and service, and they are open 24 hours. We chose to eat there both mornings. For dinner we ate at Pier 39 both times. Swiss Louis the first night. It was fantastic! The second night we ate at the Wipe Out grill, it was okay. The hotel is very central to everything and I would stay there again for its location. We felt very safe walking around at night and we did see some vagrants but not one of them bothered us. I was surprised at the amount of homeless people and beggars but none of them bothered or even asked for money. Most of them just held out cups or had signs or were street performers working for tips. We come from a small farming community of 6000 people so if it didn't bother us I don't think it should be a concern for others.There were excellent street performers which we found very entertaining. We especially enjoyed the guy who does spray paint art. We purchased one of his paintings for 10.00. What a bargain!! One word of advise is to pre book your tickets for the Alcatraz tour. Luckily I had read here on tripadvisor that the tickets sell out fast and usually days or weeks in advance and I had bought mine a month ahead. I booked my tickets online through their website. There were several people looking for tickets on the Saturday and the next available tour was Wed. morning at 9 am. Lots of disappointed people. You want to take the Hornblower Alcatraz tour at Pier 33, you get to visit Alcatraz and do a audio tour. It was fantastic. We also did the Aquarium under the bay. It was wonderful as well. If you have any other questions please feel free to msg me and I will do my best to answer your questions. Enjoy!	
Jan 1 2008 	The Good 	Hubby &amp; I stayed here for a few days in November 2007. My biggest problem was our room. We were on the 2nd leg of our journey but if I had the energy I would have asked to be moved. Our room looked most like the photo of the room done in red,black and white without the red velvet couch in our room. It was very very small. We were facing the street and it was a bit noisey at times.The thing that bothered me the most was the bathroom was very dated. On top of that the wall paper was actually peeling. I am so dispapointed that I can't remember what room # it was becasue apparantly after reading other reviews, there are some newer and nicer rooms.I felt we paid too much for the particaulr room we got. Now on to the good: Location location location! Also, the wine hour is very nice and I don't even drink wine. A hot tip from the bell boy: arrive in the lobby about 10 minutes before wine hour begins. They usually bring in a deep dish pizza from the restaurant which is gone in a flash. We did and enjoyed it very much. In the morning a nice touch along with coffee and hot tea was hot chocoalte. Now would I stay here again? Well...maybe. If I got a really nice room like some of the other writers describe with a fridge too...perhaps...I still wonder if another hotel in the same area would have been a better deal. The other thing that I found disappointing was I can't remember the exact details but something like the charge they quote for parking (very pricey) was even more than that because there was some sort of a tax...	
Dec 29 2007	great hotel	Had a wonderful 5 nights staying at the Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf. The front desk staff were very helpful. The hotel itself was one of the best we have stayed in. It had such a warm and friendly atmosphere. The wine tasting in the afternoon made available from the manager was a really nice touch as was the free tea and coffee in the lobby in the morning which got you off to a great start for the day. The hotel was very central to everything. We walked to Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, Starbuck's, laundromat (1/2mile from hotel). Italian restaurant next door to hotel had fantastic food. As for the room we could only find one complaint which was the shower head. Apart from this the room itself was perfect, very clean and fresh clean amenities every day. Attractions that we feel are a must are:- Segway tour, Cable car and Ghiradelli ice cream is a must!! These attractions are in very close proximity to each other. Jacob on the Segway tour was very patient and lots of fun. Also make sure you visit Alcatraz.	
Dec 27 2007 	Great location for tourists	Location was great. Hotel was pretty good too.Don't miss the complimentary wine tasting at 5pm every day - great way to meet other travellers and enjoy a glass or two.Rooms have a fridge which is handy and there are safety deposit boxes available (not in room which is a little bit of a pain).Within walking distance to everything at Fisherman's Wharf which is the tourist hub. There's a supermarket (Safeway I think) next door which is very handy!Rooms were pretty standard (we had a 2 x double one which was big enough for 2 adults and 2 kids) - but it's the location which sells this place.	
Dec 22 2007 	A nice comfortable hotel in a good location.	The Tuscan Inn is a moderately priced hotel located near Fisherman's Wharf, dozens of good restaurants and ten minutes to downtown by cab. The cable car is only a few blocks away. The rooms are large comfortable and well furnished, suitable for business travelers or tourists. Onsite parking is available. The hotel has free wireless. The restaurant attached to the hotel is good and well priced. You'll need a reservation for dinner. Each evening the hotel hosts a wine and cheese bar between 5 and 6pm. It is well attended and provides an opportunity to hear other tourists tales of the city. We stay here every time we come to San Francisco.	
Dec 17 2007	Good Location!!	This place is just as the way it has been described.The pics of the rooms are the same as they present them online.Nice Location.Easy walkable accessibility to Pier 39 and the Tram Ride.	
Nov 28 2007 	Staying here next time we're in San Francisco	This hotel is in the perfect location whether you are focusing your sightseeing at the Wharf or all over town. Bus lines run out front and the Wharf is a couple short blocks away. The staff was great, all the way around, helpful and polite. The room was clean, well decorated and had all you could ask for. One of the cable car lines in a block or two away along with a pharmacy, Starbucks and Barnes and Noble right around the corner. Convenient if nothing else. We stayed in a room overlooking Mason (which actually overlooks a small parking stack) BUT I thought it was great one morning to wake up to the sound of sea lions barking, where else but San Francisco! When standing in the window we could see Coit Tower with the moon rising in the background...not too bad for 125 a night on Thanksgiving weekend!I will return and recommend this hotel!	
Nov 20 2007 	Loved teh Best Western	We stayed at the Best Western for four nights commencing Oct 30th for the start of our honeymoon. We had spent all day travelling (flying from Ireland) and when we arrived to check in the hotel had upgraded us and there was a bottle of champagne in the room for us. This was a lovely surprise and was much appreciated. The room itself was lovely and spotlessly clean.The hotel itself is in a perfect location for all the attractions. Its about a five minute walk to the end of the road and you are at Pier 39 where you can book your trips to the various attractions. There are also plenty of restaurants, bars and shops.At 5 o'clock every evening in the hotel lobby there is a free wine reception for an hour. This is a great idea as everyone sits around and chills out for an hour. There is also a lovely Italian restaurant attached to the hotel and the food in there is lovely.The staff were very friendly and you could book any trips you wanted with them. I could not fault this hotel at all and thank them for a wonderful four days.	
Nov 16 2007	Will definitely return for our next vacation!	Excellent location, very close to the Fisherman's Wharf (walking distance) that made it very convenient to do the &quot;tourist&quot; things. A car was not needed as we caught a shuttle to the hotel. I highly recommend going to the cable car turn around at Powell/Hyde which is used less. The staff were very friendly and helpful during our stay. The restaurant Pescatore was excellent, friendly staff, and enjoyable food. We will definitely return to this hotel on our return visit to San Francisco!	
Nov 14 2007 	Best Stay in SF by Far!!!!!	My husband and I take annual trips to San Francisco and have stayed at many different hotels. This trip and hotel stay was by far the best ever!!!! From the time we walked into the lobby until the time we checked out the stafff was always very hellpful and the room was very nice, clean, and quiet. This time we brought our one year old son and the fact that there was a grocery store (Safeway) next door to the hotel made it very convenient for us. He had an amazing time as well. I definitely recommend the Tuscan Inn @ Fisherman's Wharf.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Location	I just got back from my stay at the Tuscan Inn. The first thing I have to comment on is the great location. You are only blocks away from all the action. I was traveling alone and found the area very safe. The Safeway right next door was great...very convenient.The people at the hotel were all very friendly and helpful. I thought the rooms were good...not great, but pretty much what I expected. The wine reception at night was a great chance to meet some of the other hotel guests and learn about some of the tours. Check out the submarine at pier 45 (I forget the name)..very interesting and inexpensive. I also loved the tour of Alcatraz but be careful because tickets get sold out sometimes days in advance. I also did the five hour city tour with San Francisco Shuttle Tours. I would absolutely do this if you are looking for a way to see a lot of the major sites in the city. If you do it early in your vacation, you can then go back and visit some of the places and spend more time (tour stops are quick).I would definitely stay here again if I was going back to San Francisco. Quick note....it seems different people I spoke to pd. different rates for their rooms. I booked directly through Best Western and found that I had one of the more resonable rates. Enjoy!	
Nov 12 2007 	Great hotel	This was my 9th trip to San Francisco but unlike prior trips I was with my in-laws and had different criteria for the trip, they wanted to be close to all the Fisherman’s Wharf action and walking distance to the main tourist attractions, this hotel was ideal and the best value we could find in the location. The hotel was clean, quiet, large rooms and very close to the Wharf and local restaurants. Nothing disappointed us about our stay and we didn’t even take advantage of the free wine tasting between 5-6pm. We did however make use of the free tea and coffee when we had an early start. The hotel gives a feeling of a small family run business whilst being under the umbrella of a brand you know. If you want to know what you’re getting, stay in a larger than average SF hotel room and be walking distance to the bay area then I don’t believe you can do better.	
Nov 11 2007 	Nice Hotel	My family and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn for three nights. The hotel was a wonderful place to stay and we were very comforatble. The lobby was welcoming, the staff was friendly and we felt good about being there. I would say, though, that the price was just a bit too high for what we got. $175 per night (after the discount for firefighters, mind you). There is virtually no counterspace in the bathroom at all. Upon our arrival, there was a SLIGHT odor in bathroom but nothing worth complaining about. Maid service was prompt and outstanding. But, it was close to the Wharf and soooo convenient. So, maybe the price was warranted. BEWARE though....parking is $45 + tax. I called before we ever arrived to inquire about it and was told that parking was no problem at all. Then the clerk told me the price. Woah!!! When we arrive at the valet stop, the valet told me that if we have AAA, the price would be $25. Cool. When we went to check out, the front desk clerk said that we could not have the discount because we did not make a reservation to park. WHAT??? I guess calling to inquire about parking while giving them our name and reservation dates didn't warrant the clerk to inform us that we should make a reservation for our car also. Trader Joe's is right around the corner and so is a Safeway. Made it nice for a morning breakfast with the kids. I would definately stay there again. But, next time, I will leave my car at home!	
Nov 11 2007 	Great location with nice rooms	Stayed here for our honeymoon. Overall we were very happy and comfortable here. Rooms were a bit small and appear to be older construction, rooms facing the road are a bit noisey at AM rush hour so we requested to be moved to the courtyard side which was a good move. These were the only negatives that I can think of with this hotel. Room was very clean and that to me is the most important. Hotel staff was polite and helpful. They have a nice lobby area where a wine hour (free) is hosted every evening between 5 and 6:00 which gives you the opportunity to mingle with the other guests and get to know people from the world over. If you're looking for the ultimate luxury in a hotel you may want to look elsewhere but if you want a nice clean comfortable room that is close to everything with a friendly atmosphere, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco.	
Oct 30 2007 	Great Stay!	Our first impression of the Best Westen Tuscan Inn was nice, it was clean and nicely decorated. The Staff helped make our stay a great experience. Our request were promptly met, they made last minute reservations for us at a very popular restaurant on the wharf and had a cab waiting when we needed it. The rooms were decent size, clean and had all of the basic amenities. The wine hour was nice was a little crowded but it was pleasant to sit in front of the fireplace and visit with others with a complimentary glass of wine. For the cost of our stay I was a little dissapointed with the coffee and Biscotti in the AM but it was better than nothing. Access to the Wharf was a very easy walk from our hotel. We would definately stay again.	
Oct 30 2007 	Very Good Hotel Great Location	very good hotel - great location, concierge extremely helpful, decor is nice and the maid service was excellent (room was cleaned by the time we got back from breakfast each morning). They have coffee in the morning and wine hour each evening in the lobby. The location is great, 2 blocks from FW and 5-6 blocks from really good italian food in North Beach and Chinatown is in that area as well. The only problem we had was on our last day; we were awoken at 6am by the banging on the roof (they were trying to fix the boiler or something) when I called the front desk all they could say was, sorry (we had stayed on the top floor). Also, if you have a rental car, do not park there, it's upwards of $40 per day (with taxes) - park around the block at a pay garage which i think the sign said was $14 max per day. I had asked for late check out of 130pm and that was not a problem. Also, take the shuttle to the airport which is only $15 per person as opposed to taxi which is $40 each way.	
Oct 29 2007 	Fantastic!!	We stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn for a 4 night getaway for our anniversary. We loved the location as it was convenient to everything and a short walk to many attractions. The king room we had was lovely...and large. I was surprised by the size of it, because we've stayed in other hotel rooms in large cities and the rooms were always tiny. The bed was very comfy and the room itself was very clean. We were pleasantly surprised to find a complimentary bottle of champagne on ice when we arrived on our first night (our actual anniversary day). The only problem we had with the room was the noise level coming from the street. We were on the 2nd floor and facing the street and the noise was AWFUL. We were woken up once or twice by really rowdy passersby. The hotel can't control this, but there should be better windows or something to insulate the sound. We've stayed in large cities before and have never had this kind of problem. I'd stay at the Tuscan Inn again, but I'd request a room facing the courtyard. We missed the wine reception every evening we were there, but we did get coffee and biscotti every morning, which was nice. We had dinner in the restaurant once and it was very good. It got quite crowded as the evening progressed. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful...especially concierge. He was one of the better concierge staff I've encountered at a hotel. All in all, a great stay and I'd stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Oct 27 2007 	4 nights no sleep	We stayed in this hotel from 10-14 October 07 and did not get a full night’s sleep in that time. The weekend nights were horrendous, we were kept awake for nearly 2 hours each night with the noise of what we assume were people leaving local clubs. As a result we were too tired to enjoy our visit to San Francisco and have decided never to go there again. I also found the room was much too small with a tiny closet and nowhere to store luggage, and the restaurant to be expensive, particularly when you share the very limited space with the bar and cannot enjoy your meal without noise. The only good thing about our stay in this hotel was the nightly wine reception but that certainly was not enough to make up for the down sides. My advice is if you like your sleep do not stay at this hotel.	
Oct 26 2007 	Great Hotel	We travel to San Francisco once a year &amp; have stayed at many hotels. The Tuscan rates as one of the best. Although small (no counter space at all in the bathroom) the room was very clean with modern decor. The customer service was wonderful. The entire staff was helpful. This was the first hotel to offer complimentary wine tasting &amp; coffee. We hope to stay there again next year. We have stayed acrossed the street at the Sheraton &amp; found that our stay at the Tuscan Inn was much better.	
Oct 16 2007	Good location ; avoid restaurant would not recommend	The travel agent booked this hotel and this was the only hotel out of 10 that I did not book myself although hotel sounded ok This was part of the deal for the airfares  Location is excellent , Rooms Ok Staff variable some very helpful others not so . We stayed here for 5 nights and then 1 night later in our trip Problems  (a) Given a smoking room when a non smoking room was asked were re allocated but it was a hassle  (b) Came back one afternoon not only had the room be tidied but things had been put away which immediately led to the thoughts that stuff had been stolen but nothing was missing Complained and assistant manager very undestanding and gave us a voucher for a meal in their restaurant . (c) Restaurant very expensive and only ate there because of the voucher for 1 night staff arrogant also charged us for items we did not have felt very uncomfortable (d) On second stay room only had 1 shutter complained and comment was the problem had not been reported did get another room but it was more hassle especially as it did not get to hotel till 1 in the morning as there were delays on the train	
Oct 15 2007 	Great! Quiet Room #s Provided Here	Previously we stayed at the Sheraton across the street. The Tuscan Inn is markedly less expensive, and the location is identical. The room was clean and well decorated. No room darkening curtains (as others mentioned in their reviews) but the shutters do a good job for light and privacy. To get a quiet room, you need to ask for a Courtyard Room that doesn't face a brick wall. There are actually room (as others have mentioned) that literally face a brick wall. Otherwise, ask for the 4th floor. 439, 441, 443, 444, 045 face a good direction to the outside of the hotel. The rooms (on floors 2 &amp; 3 also) that number 401, 402, 403, 405, 406, 408, 409, 412, 414, and 415 face out to the main street. You will hear street noise, garbage trucks, buses, etc.It's a Best Western - so it's not luxery, but it's a nice hotel in a great location at a great price.	
Oct 12 2007 	Great hotel in a great location for Fisherman's Wharf	This is a very stylish hotel, a couple of hundred yards from the Wharf. We stayed for two nights and had requested a high floor on the front, which is exactly what we got - not that the view was very good but we did have a view of the water (but only just!).The room was well presented with modern fixtures and fittings in good working order. Staff were friendly and helpful and we enjoyed the complimentary wine tasting (1 hour) each evening. Coffee and biscuits were also priovided for 3 hours each morning.Only two negatives worth mentioning:-1. The shower pressure was so low that it was a challenge to get wet all over!!2. Valet parking is provided at $36/day which was, I thought, excessive. You could, for example, park across the street for only $10/day NB but this was only open until early evening, after which you would need to park on the street (which is free overnight).We ate both nights at Fisherman's Wharf - the first night at Alioti's and then at NIck's Lighthouse. Both were really good - Alioti's was more grand than Nick's with a view and prices to match but we thought we got value-for-money at each.I thought that, all in all, the Tuscan was an excellent hotel and I would happily recommend it to anyone visiting the area.	
Oct 9 2007	Don't leave anything important in your room	The stay was great until the last day. We checked out. I forgot and expensive item. We went back to our room and it was gone. The room was not even changed over. A staff member must have gone in right after we checked out. The staff gave the typical run around. No help. It was terrible. We are still waiting for an answer.We recommend don't stay and if you do...don't leave or forget anything in your room that is important.	
Oct 8 2007	Excellent Location	The hotel is in an excellent position, close to Pier 39 and restaurants. The room we stayed in was a little old and could have done with an update to the décor (especially the bathroom) with no outlook whatsoever. One big down side for us was the lack of a safety deposit box in the room, there are boxes available at reception but most of them are quite small in size so if you have camera equipment you may need to lock it in your suitcase!We had a king size standard room and found the bed quite uncomfortable; the sheets didn’t fit the bed which meant you woke up in the middle of the night fighting with the covers. The air conditioning was extremely noisy and I found it quite alarming that the windows didn’t open!The reception staff were extremely helpful and polite and couldn’t do enough for you; all in all a good stay for a couple of nights.	
Oct 6 2007 	Very enjoyable	I stayed in The Tuscan Inn in San Francisco in February of 2007 and loved every minute of it. The check in was quick and fast and the staff and nice concierge was very pleasurable. I couldn't have asked for anything better. Our room was quite small but for a family of four it was perfect. At night we had wonderful channel on our television and would not be bored after a late night out on town. Also every night at 5:00 they would have wine in the lobby which was very enjoyable. The Tuscan Inn is in the center of everything. Its just a quick walk to Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, Little Italy, China Town and everything else that San Francisco has to offer. It was perfect and I will definitly be going back. Even if you do not stay at this hotel there are many other delightful hotels nearby. San Francisco is a beauty of its own and you would not be spending a lot of time in the hotel anyway but if you want a good night sleep have it at the Tuscan Inn.	
Sep 26 2007	Great Location - Hotel room good also	This hotel is very centrally located near the Wharf and that is probably it's best selling point. The hotel itself is what you would expect from a Best Western - clean, comfortable with all the amenities. The room size was okay - we got 2 double bed, however, would have preferred a room with one king bed but they had none available. The restaurant next door was fine also - however, on the 2nd morning we went down for breakfast at 10.30 and they had stopped serving which I thought was a little early. Overall an average hotel in a great location	
Sep 24 2007 	Great hotel	Stayed for two nights, there were six of us in three rooms. We all had the same great opinion of this property. Very clean and well maintained through-out. It was an easy walk to the bus stops and Fisherman's Wharf areas. There was a Trader Joes and Safeway within a block of the hotel to buy snacks and such. The adjacent Cafe Pescatero was handy for breakfast but had some hiccups in service, but it was okay overall. We would highly recommend this hotel to others.	
Sep 19 2007 	Great Hotel!!!	My sister and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn over the weekend. It is a great hotel - clean and comfortable. We had a courtyard view, and there was NO noise at night. A lot of the people staying there were older and very quiet. I would DEFINITELY stay there again. It was a couple of blocks from the warf. The streets in San Fran were filthy and the homeless people were scary, but the hotel was wonderful!!!	
Sep 18 2007 	Great place to lay your head and tour from	This was our second stay at the Tuscan (THe first was 10 years ago). It is a wonderful clean place to stay and but two short blocks to Fisherman's Wharf. Earily evening free wine tasting (or wine drinking- they give you a full glass af several wines). In the morning free great coffee and biscotti in the lobby- with carry-out cups.Our room was always cleaned but they only give out 2 towels? I guess you only get one towel per day.It was interesting that we received a better room price by going thru Travelocity then by calling the hotel direct???If we ever return we would try to stay here for the third time..	
Sep 18 2007 	Loved the Tuscan Inn	My husband and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn for our honeymoon and we can't say enough about how wonderful our stay was. We were complimentarily upgraded to the King Premier since we were on our honeymoon. The room was beautiful; the view wasn't the greatest, but we didn't care. I loved the view in the lobby as there was a lush garden in the window. The hotel offered complimentary wine tasting each evening which we enjoyed. The location was great as we were within walking distance to just about everything. The transportation systems were great and easy to use. The concierge's were extremely helpful and were very eager to assist us in anything we needed. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 11 2007	Tuscan Inn 2 blocks from the Piers	Small enough, very personable.Very cleanSmall rooms, but have a couch, chair, desk, etc., w King bed, which was very comfortable w pillow top &amp; pillowsVery small 1 person closet, do not bring many clothes! Shutters nice.Lobby, downstairs restrooms &amp; decor beautiful, flower courtyard nice.Restaurant/patio excellent food, high breakfast $, greast coffee.All the porters, etc., provide service like high end hotels.Walking distance, 2 blocks to the piers.Tuscan/botique theme nice.Housekeeping is quiet in the ams, not vacuming @ 0700, etc., Get in inside room facing courtyard if you are light sleeper as outside rooms face the streets.Will store your luggage in separate room on your check out day if you have late flight, want to spend more time,Oldest Italian restaurant in the country w/in walking distance, back east service, integrity, etc., Fiore d'ItaliaWait until Monday to take the bay cruises if a holiday weekendDantes best view for seafood lunch of the Bay bridge/bayWalgreens &amp; Trader Joes w/in walking distance for we forgot...Walgreens has same souvenirs the airport shops do for 1/2 $Do not rent a car, waste of time, money, &amp; no parking! Split a fare w a private service i.e., Escalade etc., &amp; for return to airportYou can walk, take a cab, trolley, etc., we walked everywhere including up the hill to Coit Tower &amp; then walked down just in time to attend 1300 service @ St. Peters Cathedral, beautiful!My first time to spend time in San Francisco, my husband's 3rd.He wants to re-locate there, desppite the real estate $$, taxes, etc., that is how nice it is...	
Sep 10 2007 	Great Place to Stay	We checked into this hotel after a long flight from Florida. They were very efficient at the reservation desk and surprised us with an upgrade to a suite. The rooms seemed to have been recently renovated with updated decor. They were very comfortable and quite attractive. The bed was perfect as were the pillows. (I always carry travel down pillows, but didn't even unpack them.) The wine reception in the late afternoon is a nice extra. The bathroom was adequate with thick, fluffy towels. If I had any complaints, it would be that there could be a larger sink area to hold cosmetics.I would highly recommend this hotel. It is a great value.	
Sep 1 2007 	Great stay	We stayed for three nights,our room was on the fourth floor and adequately big enough for the three of us, my husband and adult daughter.The staff were friendly and helpful,it was a good base from which to explore San Francisco.We took an evening Alcatraz tour and a City tour with Shuttle tours which I would recommend if you have limited time in town.	
Aug 29 2007 	Excellent Hotel 	The Best Western in Fishermans Wharf is a fabulous hotel and an ideal base to enjoy your trip to San Francisco.The hotel is newly decorated and rooms are a nice size, extremely new and clean. Staff are very helpful. The hotel is ideally lcoated 2 minutes walk from Pier 39 on Fishermans Wharf.There is loads to do in this area and hotel is perfect base to see san fran, its 2 minutes walk to the nearest cable car stop and about 10 minutes drive to union sqaure or marina district.	
Aug 28 2007 	LOVED IT!!	My friends and I stayed at the BW Tuscan Inn last week and I am so excited to write this review. From beginning to end it was a PERFECT experience. The staff was so friendly and helpful and the concierge service was very knowledgeable. The hotel itself was so beautiful and very boutique-like (don't let the Best Western in the name fool you). My room was clean and nicely decorated - the bed was EXTREMELY comfortable and also had a nice down comforter and comfy pillows. The bathroom was large and private. The room has an honor bar, which I didn't use, but DID use the refrigerator to store some of my own snacks and wine. Another great thing about the hotel is that every day, they offer wine and beer from 5-6pm for free for all hotel guests. We took advantage of the offer and many other guests did too. It is VERY nice. All in all, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	
Aug 27 2007 	Great location and staff !	Excellent location 2 blocks from Fishermans Wharf and 1 block from cable car. Room on 4 th floor on roadside and heard no noise from anywhere. Room was nice , looked quite new and very clean and big enough for the 4 of us and our cases ! All staff very friendly and could not have been more helpful. Complimentary morning hot drinks were lovely and comlimentary wine around a log fire even better !! Make sure you bring warm clothes as it is chilly. Although there are plenty of cheap fleeces for sale.	
Aug 27 2007 	A nice hotel for a short getaway	We stayed here for the first 3 days of our honeymoon beofre getting some sun in Palm Springs. The room was lovely and clean with everything you need wether on business or pleasure.All the staff were extremely helpful and polite and always saying hi when eye contact was made.A good hotel in a good location for all the tourist attractions if you're walking, taxi or by bus.We ate at the hotel restaurant on our first night which was value for money.We would definately stay in this hotel again if we're ever in San Fran again.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Location	We booked on the recomendation of a friend who is particular with her accomodation, and the Tuscan Inn checked all the boxes for her, and so we decided to book directly with the property. We received a pleasant email from the Booking Manager, but never got to meet her to say thatnks for her prompt attention.Checkin was a no stress affair, and we were directed to our room with luggage arriving promptly. The room was not large, but then this was just a base for exploring all that San Francisco has to offer, and we did not need heaps of room to spead out in, just enough room to lay out our cases (4) and sit somewhere other than on the bed. The bathroom was very clean and well appointed with nice towels and toiletries, it was not big, but room enough to do what one needs to. The evening wine tasting was well patronized, and although we arrived just after the starting time, all the savouries were gone. A masseur was giving guests a massage at the same location, not sure if there was a charge involved for that service, as there was no information about that anywhere.The foyer was very cozy with the inviting fireplace and had large sofas and arm chairs and a bookcase full of interesting books, overlooking a courtyard garden filled with attractive landscaping.A consierge desk was also located in this area, and he was rather busy on the occasions he was there. We found the tourist advice to be slightly biased towards a particular company, and knew little about the sevices of other tour companies, even though one is very well know and patronized. There is a large tourist information stand near the lifts so you can peruse any of the brochures and make your own choice if he is not there or too busy.The hotel is conveniently located to the shopping centre across the road, and we made use of this to purchase our breakfast requirements, as we had not had great service from the adjoining cafe Pescatore for our evening meal and thought we would do our own thing each morning. The room has a coffee perculator and a supply of reasonable coffee was repenished daily.It is in an ideal situation to acess public transport, a short walk to the end of the street near the cruise pier is the trolley car, and another short walk the other way takes you to the cable cars. Pier 39 is close by and so are many other attractions such as the Maratime Museum, Ghiradelli Square, Fishermans Wharf, and many great vistas can be seen walking along the promenade down along the Embarcadero. I would have no hesitiation in recomending this establisment to my friends, and we would return here on any future visits to San Francisco, esp if we were cruising out of this port as it is very close to the cruise terminal.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great hotel Good location	PositivesThe staff were friendly and helpful.The room was clean, nicely decorated and quiet. The location is within walking distance of fisherman’s wharf. There is a supermarket located within 1 block.NegativesThe room was a bit on the small side.Overall a very positive experience.PS San Francisco is a fantastic city I would encourage anyone to visit.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great hotel great experience!!	Stayed here for our first visit to San Fran and the US.We'd read some ok reviews, bad reviews and great reviews so were a bit nervous but thought - what the hell, we won't be in it much anyway!!.We were very suprised when we got there - the location was great, just set back enough to miss the noise of the warf but within a stones throw of all the action. the food stores were near by too which was great for getting those much needed essentials. (Twinkies!!)We were there for 10 nights, the staff were very friendly and pleased to help. we were always greated with a smile by the valet guys too.The only bad thing is that they didn't reply to my girlfriend regarding a suprise birthday cake for me until we were at the checkout desk...Together!!! Oh well it's the thought that countsWe did have a snoop around some of the other hotels and went to a few for breakfast, some were grander but by no means over shadowing the Tuscan Inn. Our room was both spacious, airy and light whilst being quiet at night. the room was always perfectly cleaned each day.The italian restaurant linked to the hotel was great, both for food and just popping in for a quick beer by the bar, very friendly!!!The only dissapointing thing is that we were so busy we missed the wine tasting - from the looks of the people who took part though, it's designed for the older generation!!!All in all a great place to stay, very comfortable and would definitely go back there and would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 20 2007 	some disappointments	We'd heard a lot of good things about the Tuscan Inn from people who'd stayed there for a night or two before cruising out of the port of San Francisco. Normally we'd stay at the SF Hilton, or one of the Marriott properties, but we decided this time to try something else.The Tuscan Inn room was quite nicely appointed, the bed was comfortable the chairs &amp; TV adequate, the bathroom reasonably good. Street noise can be a problem in an outside room, though, and the window coverings (sliding Roman blinds that don't quite meet) left a lot to be desired if you don't want to get up with the sun.Housekeeping service was very inadequate, though. We left the room at 10:30 AM, placing the &quot;please make up room&quot; tag in the key slot. There were at least 4, and maybe 6, housekeeping carts between our room &amp; the elevator. Yet when we returned at 3:30 the room hadn't been touched! The attached restaurant (Cafe Pescadore) is open for breakfast with a fairly skimpy menu - but quite good coffee.On balance, it was an OK place to stay but, perhaps, not to return to. It's fine if it's convenient to what you're doing in the city.	
Aug 20 2007 	Hotel OK good location.	We stayed here for three nights in early August before heading to the Tenaya Lodge in Yosemite. The hotel was clean and decorated nicely, and biscotti and coffee in the morning was nice. Staff was friendly. The rooms and the double beds were very small, both quite a bit smaller than the Tenaya.We had booked two connecting rooms since we were travelling with our boys, ages 11 &amp; 15, and I called several days prior to arriving to remind them of our request. At check-in, they had our kids in a room at the end of the hallway, which we were not comfortable with. We took just one room for that night and they moved us to adjacent, though not connecting, rooms the next two nights. This was much better and gave us a lot more space. Beware, if you request adjoining rooms, they are not guaranteed and really not even planned. They told me they don't assign rooms until the day of check-in, and they were also overbooked. The Tuscan Inn is in a great location in Fishermen's Wharf and our boys really enjoyed Pier 39. I'm glad we stayed in FW instead of downtown - much more for kids to do there.	
Aug 18 2007 	Nearby the Wharf and Charming	The Tuscan Inn is run by the Kimpton Hotel group and therefore a step above the typical Best Western. The hotel is very clean and modern. Our room was decorated with white wood shutters and accents of black and red. It was quaint and nice sized. The bed was comfortable and the views were overlooking the street and the bay, from our corner room.There was coffee and biscotti in the lobby daily. We also used the convenient shopping across the street to buy some bagels at Safeway which we stored in the bar refrigerator. Then we picked up the free lobby coffee and the WSJ and the USA Today newspapers, thus having a cheap breakfast. There's also a Trader Joes and Cost Plus just a block away.Pier 39 is about six blocks and the Wharf only two. We've stayed across the street at the Sheraton in the past, but this is our new favorite.Yes, being over the street can be a bit noisy but it was okay for sleeping. We travel a lot and this was a pleasant experience. I recommend it for families and couples alike. FYI: It was August and 63 degrees, so pack that sweater and jacket!	
Aug 18 2007 	Great location clean rooms we enjoyed our visit....	We stayed at this hotel the first week of August. We really enjoyed our stay here. The location is great. It is a short walk to Fisherman's Wharf, the F Line, Pier 39 etc but is far enough away away from the &quot;ticky tacky&quot; areas. The hotel was clean and decorated nicely. The rooms are a bit small, but not uncomfortably so. The linens and bed were comfortable. The shower head was stong and the water was nice and warm.On the first part of our stay, we were in a courtyard room. This made the room seem a bit larger by the way that it was set up. When we returned later in the week we were put in an outside room. It was noisier and even with the shutters closed the light from the Safeway sign kept the room pretty bright. I work night shift and am used to sleeping during the daylight, but for people who like it dark, that might be more difficult. The second room also smelled a bit musty (think mothballs) and we could never get it aired out. Only a mild inconvenience though.The am coffee/tea/biscotti is nice. It was a nice stop before heading out for a bigger breakfast. Only participated in the evening reception once. The wine was good, but the appetizers were gone. Lots of people take advantage of this time, it was always busy.We did eat at the hotel restaurant for one breakfast. The food was ok...and the service was just ok too. Nothing to write home about for the price. Next time I would probably go somewhere else.The front desk staff recommended &quot;Fior d'Italia&quot; for a dinner reservation. It was a 2 block walk and SO great!! It was a wonderful suggestion. We also enjoyed &quot;The Stinking Rose&quot; on another afternoon.The Tuscan Inn is a great hotel and we would return again.	
Aug 14 2007 	Enjoyed the wine in the afternoon	This hotel offers clean, well-kept rooms which are good value for money. Although breakfast isn't really included in the room rates, you can get tea / coffee / hot chocolate &amp; biscotti in the reception / lounge area every morning. We particularly enjoyed the nightly 'manager's reception' when wine and nibbles are freely available! We were a little disappointed with the location of this hotel as although it is close to Fisherman's Wharf / Pier 39, it wasn't very busy in the nearby streets so we didn't feel like lingering in the restaurants before returning at night. The local restaurants are a bit cheap and cheerful, but if you are travelling as a family or are on a tight budget, there is sufficient choice. You have to brave the F-Market streetcar (which was often jam-packed) to get to Downtown San Francisco for more 'up-market' dining. However, it was very convenient for the ferry to Alcatraz (which you must book in advance of your visit) and for hiring bikes to go over the Golden Gate Bridge into Marin County.Overall, this hotel provides a good base, particularly if you are willing to get acquainted with San Francisco's extensive and varied public transport network.	
Aug 13 2007 	PA Traveler	Great hotel! The staff was very helpful and the rooms were well apportioned. The rooms are a bit small for more than three adults. But, they were very clean and up to date. The location is excellent for access to the cable cars and the wharf. We enjoyed the morning coffee and evening wine in the lobby.	
Aug 12 2007 	Central and Clean	Very central for Wharf and walked to North Beach Area in about 10/15 mins. Had an outside room which was nice, request high floor room for less noise. The room was fairly quiet and adequate. Wharf is tacky, pier 39 smarter. Went to North Beach at night for italian restaurants. If you like garlic, The Stinking Rose is for you! Open top bus to Golden Gate bridge was great and book Alcatraz before you come on the official site or you may not get to it and may have to pay a lot more. Hotel restaurant is good and worth going to. Enjoy.	
Aug 11 2007 	Laura Meith	I was visiting from a three day layover flight from Boston, and I wanted to visit the wharf. I was recommended to the hotel from a dear friend of mine. The whole trip was ruined by the guest service of the hotel. They say they pride themselves on being the best in guest service but I was not impressed at all. During my stay I complained about a dent that was put in my rental car by a valet, and I was directed to speak with the Assistant General Manager Laura Meith. She was rude and insincere about repairing the damage done to my vehicle. I will never stay there again because of this incident.The valet parking was overpriced, the service was terrible, and the coffe was cold. Take my word for it, stay at the Hilton or the Marriot.	
Aug 10 2007	great cozy hotel!!	we stayed at the Tuscan Inn in san francisco at the end of July----it was a very, beautiful, cozy hotel---all the customer pictures captured it exactly----the room was beautiful, tho kind of small &amp; we didn't get the 2 double beds, but that was my mistake for booking through Orbitz------the coffee in the room was nice, and the cozy fireplace in the lobby was wonderful, altho we didn't partake of the wine &amp; cheese reception----my only real complaint would be that the bathroom does not have a separate vanity area, so 2 people getting dressed had to improvise, which was kind of surprising since the bathrooms were all redone on 2005--------service was extra good, very friendly---and there is a great cafe across the street (Hollywood Cafe) which has the best breakfast in the world	
Aug 6 2007 	Great location for San Francisco sightseeing	We stayed at Tuscan Inn for four nights at the end of July and found it a very enjoyable stay. To be honest, the hotel was just a base for exploring and we didn't spend a lot of time in the room however, the room was lovely. The staff were friendly and helpful. The morning tea/coffee/biscotti and afternoon wine reception was an added bonus. The hotel is central to transportation and a number of tourist areas particularly Alcatraz ferry and the Fisherman's wharf. It was great having so many fantastic restaurants close by - it made is difficult to choose. Overall, I was very happy with this hotel and would recommend it especially since it was reasonable priced.	
Aug 6 2007 	Very comfortable.	I stayed here based on the reviews I read on this site. I was not disappointed. We had a small suite. The linens and decor were lovely. Our room did overlook the street, so we did hear the street sounds. I've been to SF many times, and have just accepted when you stay down at the Wharf, you are going to hear street noises. We did take one person's recommendations to park in the lot just across the street. This saved us some money and we had access to our vehicle whenever we wanted it. At the hotel, it is valet only parking. We tried to have the wine/appetizers at night, but all nights we were there, it was always crowded. What we did sample was good, but it wasn't worth standing in line. The hotel is within short walking distance of a grocery store and Trader Joe's, so we picked up our own snacks. The rooms had DVD players. When we asked if they had DVD's to watch, they told me their one and only copy of the &quot;Tuscan Sun&quot; had been stolen, and they did not replace it. The location of this hotel is great if you are there to enjoy the tourist stuff of SF. The hotel staff was a hit and miss situation. Mostly, they were very nice, but occasionally we'd get a stressed out person. I would stay here again. Check for Internet deals and don't pay for their parking.	
Jul 27 2007 	Tuscan Inn a great location	Very pleased with our recent stay. Very close to all the public transportation to get to all the sites in the city. Reasonable price for the area. Staff was courteous and the wine hour each evening gave us a chance to meet many people from all over the world. Wish the morning coffee time would be extended for those of us who like to sleep in.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great Location For Exploring San Francisco	We arrived at the Tuscan Inn at 1:00 AM and quickly checked in. We were exhausted from traveling from Boston. The room, (an inner courtyard room) while adequate, had a wall air condtioner which was very noisy. The next morning the hotel staff were very accomodating in changing our room and moving our belongings to an outside room which was not only larger, but had central air. Apparently the inner rooms have the wall units. The hotel staff was consistently friendly and helpful throughout our stay, especially Cliff, the consierge, providing directions, maps, dinner recommendations and reservations, and suggestions for sightseeing.The location is perfect to explore the city. Fisherman's Wharf (Pier 39) is a very short walk, the Embarcadero, Ferry to Alcatraz, Cable Cars, and Giardelli Square are all within walking distance. Bart is also convenient to the hotel.The complementary wine hour offers the opportunity to relax and meet other guests before heading out to evening activities.We recommend this hotel without hesitation, and will definatly stay there again on return the San Francisco.	
Jul 18 2007	An excellent choice!	My wife and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf four nights during our recent vacation in San Francisco. We were very satisfied with our entire experience. The location is great, the staff very friendly and helpful, and the room was neat and clean though a bit small. The morning coffee and biscotti and the evening wine reception were both nice touches and well attended. But the thing that impressed us the most was the overall friendliness and helpfulness of the entire staff. This was our first visit to San Francisco so we had many questions especially about how to get around--and everyone we talked to was always willing to provide us with the info we needed. They certainly helped to make our vacation a wonderful experience and one we will remember for a long time to come.	
Jul 13 2007 	Great Base to discover San Francisco	This hotel is a great place to use as a base to discover the joys of San Francisco. We booked this by checking other travellers comments on Trip Advisor and were pleased with the helpfulness of the staff, the location and overall cleanliness and comfort of our room. We would certainly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 2 2007 	Enjoyable stay at the Tuscan Inn	My family and I stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn for three nights this past June. This hotel is above average for a Best Western. The rooms were clean, nicely decorated, and comfortable. I did not have any issue with noise; the air conditioning units were not quiet but I didn't find them bothersome. We had no noise from the street. I don't remember our view- we were basically just in the room to rest up for the next activity. The location of the hotel was within easy walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf and Ghiardelli Square. Cable Cars, trams, and Muni buses to various parts of the city were within 1 to 2 blocks of the hotel as well. The service was fine with the exception of check-in. We made our reservations several months ahead of time and requested two adjacent double rooms as my husband and I were travelling with our two teenage daughters. They gave us two rooms on the same floor but on opposite sides of the hotel. Since our daughters are older teenagers, we accepted this arrangement. A couple of years ago it would have been a deal breaker. We've gone many places and made this request and this hotel is the first one that did not put us within a couple rooms of each other. From reading other reviews, it seems as though this hotel has significant lapses in service from time to time. Nevertheless, I did like this hotel- the rooms, location, and most of the service and I would stay here again.	
Jun 29 2007 	Wonderful Stay	My sister and I stayed at this hotel and just returned. Absolutely LOVED everything about this hotel. The location is fabulous for getting around the Fisherman's Wharf and the concierge-Hugo and Cliff-are fantastic and full of wonderful ideas. The nightly free wine reception is a great way to meet people and find out what is worth seeing and what is not. This is how we found out not to pay for the more expensive Napa Valley wine train, but to stick with the Sonoma tour. I do think that if you are staying at a hotel you should not have to pay for parking. San Francisco is such a GREAT CITY with so much to do, and the public transportation is the best.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the city.	
Jun 23 2007 	Great Stay in San Fran	Great place to stay - very clean and confortable rooms and helpful staff. Added touches like the evening wine reception and morning coffee in the lobby add to the experience. Some people have said it is a long walk to some places such as the ferry and bridge but it is a large city and you can't be close to everywhere! The walk to the city centre shops was about 20 mins but there were different ways to go to see different places along the way such as china town and the italia areas. Close to the wharf which is a great place to visit in the evening and seemed to be a safer area than a lot in the city. We stayed over new year and it was close to good viewing spot for the fireworks. I would recommend this hotel as a good base for a short break to San Fran - the hotel rooms weren't the biggest so a longer stay might not be as enjoyable	
Jun 12 2007 	Nice place but service could be better	We just returned from a stay at the Tuscan Inn. Easy walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, but a pretty good walk to Alcatraz ferry. The room was small, but nice. Beds were very comfortable. Overall we had a nice stay but just had some minor service issues. We had some problems with the lack of concierge when needed. No concierge there at 6:30pm when we needed dinner advice. We were looking for a church on Sunday morning and no concierge was on duty. The girl at the front desk gave us the name of a church with mass times and showed us on a map where it was. She sent us in the completely opposite direction of where we should have gone. When we finally found the church later, the service times she had given us were wrong, too. I have been to many hotels and asked for local churches and it is usually on a pre-printed form listing churches for each denomination. I was surprised this seemed so difficult. The morning biscotti was empty every time we tried to get some and the afternoon wine and cheese was wine only. We also had to ask for more towels each night as they consistently only gave us 3 towels although 4 of us were registered. No big deal, just felt for over $200/night we'd get a better experience. Probably wouldn't stay there again.	
Jun 10 2007	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for four nights last week. I was traveling with my 83 year old mother who has a hard time walking long distances and my 79 year old aunt. The hotel was great because it was so close to the cable cars, the Wharf and had a grocery store and drug store across the street. The staff was terrific. We called for an extra luggage rack and not only was it there when we got back from dinner -- the luggage was on it. Our room was bigger than I was led to believe through the other reviews. I asked the desk clerk when we checked in if the rooms were as small as they said they were in the reviews. She gave us a courtyard room -- she said they were larger! We turned in our rental car before we went into San Francisco and didn't miss it. We used Super Sightseeing to go to Alcatraz and the city tour. And, used the Grey Line Tours for Yosemite and the Muir Woods/Sausolito tours. Both companies picked you up and dropped you off at your hotel. Although, Super Sightseeing is only a block from the hotel and Grey Line is about 2 1/2 blocks from the hotel. We used the cable cars to get to China Town and Union Square.I would definitely use this hotel again.	
Jun 8 2007 	Great staff	We stayed here for two nights in early June. I was very pleased with the hotel. The room was small, I guess because we had booked under a government rate, so they probably gave us the smallest they had. It was on the top (the 4th) floor, though. A view of the courtyard, which seems to be an inaccessible small yard with some trees planted and a net on top, so no birds to watch. The bed was very comfy, the minibar well stocked and the TV worked. The room was very clean and the shower had one of the curved curtain rods, so plenty of room.The front desk staff was great, helpful on check-in, had supply of extra coffee supplies for the room and stamps for purchase, offered to mail our postcards, and the concierge desk seemed very busy. We didn't use them, but people over there looked happy and satisfied. The wine in the evening was nice (go early or you will miss appetizers), as was the coffee and (very small) biscottis in the morning. My husband wanted a more substantial breakfast. Great location, if you are doing north and east San Francisco stuff. Walking distance to the Wharf, the North Beach area (great food!!!) and the Alcatraz ferry dock.	
Jun 4 2007 	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay	My wife and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn for two nights, at the start of a two week tour of California, in May of this year. The pleasant European theme is carried throughout this hotel and on arrival we were welcomed by efficient and friendly staff. Our room was a non-smoking king bedded room which was clean, comfortable, nicely furnished. The clever use of mirrors behind the bed helped to create the illusion of space, however, in reality the room was cramped and with two of us trying to use the hand basin and bathroom at the same time was particularly awkward. Within walking distance of the Attractions of Fisherman’s Wharf, Pier 39 and Ghirardelli Square, The Tuscan Inn’s position also affords easy access to cable cars, trams, ferries and even mountain bike rental.We were recommended by our Travel Agent not to rent a car for our short time at the Tuscan Inn and I must say he was spot on. We had so much fun riding cable cars, cycling across the Golden Gate Bridge and taking in an evening tour of Alcatraz that neither of us regretted not renting a car. Overall we both thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend The Tuscan Inn to fellow travellers.	
Jun 3 2007 	Just OK	We stayed here for 4 nights May 24-27We booked on the basis of the reviews here and were a little disappointed.Positives.It's in a good location by Fisherman's Wharf/Pier 39.It's a good base for exploring and near the cable car stops.Complimentatry coffee/tea in the morning and wine/beer in the evening.Free Wireless internet access.Staff courteous and helpful.Price.NegativesSmall room - Not enough storage room if you had suitcases.Noisy a/c - I mentioned this and it was made quieter but still unusable for more than a few minutes at a time because of the noise.Housekeeping - We returned one evening and the bed appeared to have been made but when the sheets were pulled back the mattress was exposed. Also the sheets had holes.Room generally had a 'tired' feel.This is a good base if that's all you are using it for but don't expect too much.PS we did the Segway tour and it was excellent - highly recommended!	
May 31 2007 	A decent place to stay while in San Fran	The Tuscan Inn is typical of the city hotels we've stayed at in the past. That basically means it costs a lot more than a roadside/highway exit hotel but isn't quite as nice.We heard numerous things about the Fisherman's Wharf area, and many of them were true. There is plenty to do during the day because of the endless shops and restaurants, and transportation is available to take you to all places in the city as well as other destinations like Alcatraz. At night the area takes on a different persona with homeless people hanging around the darkness, but at no point did we ever feel unsafe walking the streets. The weirdest thing was how everything seemed to close between 9 and 10 at night when there seemed to be so many tourists lurking about.The hotel, located a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf as well as Ghiardelli Square, has a nice Italian theme that carries into the lobby as well as the uniforms for the parking valets. Speaking of parking, you're going to have to pay and it's going to have to be valet service, as there are no free/self park lots that are part of the hotel. Not only is it pricey at $36/day, but having nothing but valet parking means you have no access to your car unless you have one of the valets fetch it from the lot for you.Our hotel room was very small and felt absolutely cramped when we had our two suitcases opened on the floor. The bathroom containing the toilet and the shower was also very small, not to mention the sink and counter directly outside of it. The overall look was fairly bland and a bit dated, but all of the furniture was in excellent shape and nothing appeared worn, dirty or neglected. Two negatives: Turning the bathroom light on also turns the counter light on, meaning a middle-of-the-night trip to the bathroom means the whole side of the room gets illuminated; and the wooden shutters that were installed in place of traditional curtains to add to the hotel's theme do absolutely nothing to keep the room dark once the sun comes up.I'm sure there are better hotels in the area but considering how expensive most are, the Tuscan Inn ends up being a relative bargain. If you're willing to accept a hotel that can best be described as clean and comfortable, this one will do you just fine.	
May 30 2007 	Tuscan Inn	Diane from Edmonton, Alberta, CanadaWe stayed at the hotel May 22 to May 25, 2007 and found the staff and particularly the concierge very helpful. The location is great and accessible to all parts of the city by bus, cable car or the &quot;F&quot; train. Room was clean and had everything we needed. The whole staff at the Tuscan Inn was very hospitable and I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 28 2007 	san frantastic!	We have just returned from a week long holiday in San francisco. I just wanted to convey what a great destination it is. We stayed in the Best Western, Tuscan Inn on Fishermans wharf. The hotel is pretty much as you'd expect from the chain , nice clean rooms well serviced, and the staff were extremely helpful- very pleasant to deal with. The decor is nice and the evening wine reception is pretty entertaining! However the hotel internet at 6USD for 15 mins is a bit pricey.We felt the Fisherman's Wharf area while touristy is not without some charm. Check out the old arcade games in the musee mechanique if the weather's not great.!!	
May 26 2007 	Perfect	WOW!! This hotel is a gem. Great location in Fishermans Wharf.The hotel gave us a bottle of sparkling wine and cookies on arrival, as it was my boyfriends birthday which I thought was a lovely gesture. The room was a good size but the bathroomm was very small. Not good if you have children with you I guess. The bonus in the room was a coffee maker which is a rare find in the USA. Will be going back there for sure!	
May 24 2007 	Adequate but overrated	We stayed here for 4 nights. The hotel was extremely busy (apparently fully booked) during our stay although once out of the lobby area we did not see or hear many other guests. We did not avail ourselves of the morning coffee (tried it on day one and it wasn’t particularly nice coffee) or the ‘managers evening wine reception’. In our opinion, a bit of faux Italian décor, some nice throw pillows on the bed and smaller than average rooms doesn’t really stretch to “European-style Boutique Hotel”. This hotel can trade on its location which, although a rather ugly and unappealing area full of tacky tourist shops, predictable chain restaurants and large number of tour groups, is an excellent base to explore the city. We booked a non-smoking room with a king sized bed. We asked for a room on the top floor and preferably not facing the street. Although our room was indeed non-smoking (more of that later) and we had a king size bed we ended up on the 3rd floor and our room, facing Mason Street, overlooked a concrete multi-story parking lot (although if you stood at the window you could see the Coit Tower which was a nicer view!). Five minutes spent unpacking in our room and we soon found out why we had been recommended to ask for a room not facing the street. The noise was terrible and even when closed, the windows (old, thin and full of condensation) provided no insulation. There were no curtains (just sliding wooden shutters that we had to shove a chair against to make sure they were closed properly) which didn’t help. I asked the front desk whether we could move rooms. The woman was very helpful and said that as they had declared a number of rooms non-smoking she could offer me a room on the 2nd floor which would be much quieter as it faced a wall. Alarm bells rang in my head when she said they had made rooms non-smoking but I agreed to go and look. As soon as she opened the door the smell of stale smoke hit me and I said that if that was all they could offer then we would stay where we were. She told me that due to the high number of non-smoking rooms requested they had to make more rooms available. So be warned if you ask for a non-smoking room!! Also, avoid rooms on the ground floor facing Mason Street – not only will the street noise be terrible but there is a permanent smell of stale urine along that sidewalk.Our room was small by American standards although the mirrored wall (thankfully behind the bed!) made it look larger and bright furnishings helped. Our a/c unit worked although was noisy when put onto the cool setting. We kept it on the fan setting as it seemed to help to drown out the street noise – garbage collection at 6am was particularly nice! Room could have benefited from fresh paint and our carpet had a large iron burn and was damp under the a/c unit. Closet was small and would not hold our bags. Bathroom was adequate and clean and there was a hairdryer. In room safe would have been nice addition. Bed was comfortable &amp; we were not bothered by noise from other bedrooms.Attached restaurant was overpriced and food looked average. We had breakfast there one day and it was nothing special. Boudin Bakery an excellent nearby option for breakfast/lunch and with Trader Joes right next door you should not need to avail yourself of the very expensive mini bar in the rooms. For much better Italian food head up to North Beach – 5 to 10 minute walk – where you will find a good choice of independent restaurants and cafes around the Colombus Ave/Washington Square area. You will be surrounded by locals (rather than tour groups) and will have a more realistic Italian experience. And if you really can’t live without burgers, don’t go to the usual chains, make the 5 minute walk to Burgermeister at 759 Columbus.	
May 23 2007	Location Location Location	The Best Western Tuscan Inn is at the perfect location in San Francisco. It is two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, and in walking distance to Pier 39, Ghirardelli Square and many other tourist spots. The rooms were cozy, very tastefully done and included a fantastic bed. The convenience of a very good restaurant on site added to its value. I would not consider staying anywhere else for future visits to San Francisco. I highly recommend this property. The only minor complaint was the A/C unit which was a bit noisy. We experienced an unusal heat wave while we were there so normally, you would not even turn on the A/C unit and would enjoy a perfectly, quiet sleep.	
May 22 2007 	Good value	We stayed for 3 nights as a stopover before spending a month in Australia. We found the hotel and room clean and perfectly adequate. The staff were friendly and the free coffee and biscoti each morning and wine at 6pm each evening were occassions when one could meet other guests. The location was excellent for the Whalf attractions including cruises and Tram/bus tours and for the cable car into Union square. The restaurant attached to the hotel was very good and there were many others within walking distance with fresh fish being the speciality.All in all we found the hotel to be good value and ideal for a leisure visit to San Francisco.	
May 18 2007 	Nice hotel - won't be going again though	The hotel was nicely decorated and so too were the rooms. Initially, a new receptionist mistakenly gave us a smoking room but the very capable and pleasant assistant general manager Laura rectified this problem the next day.The second room we had was really noisy because the inconsiderate people in the next room continually had their loud air-conditioning units on all day and all night.Someone attempted to get into our room at 4:20am on night and fortunately we had our deadbolt and chain on the door. This kind of security issue must be a regular problem because there is a rather large section on safety &amp; security in the room directory and warnings on the card that they give you with your key cards in. Following the hotels guidance about dealing with a security issue, we reported the incident immediately with the front desk. The gentleman who answered spoke little English and clearly didn’t really understand what we were trying to say. My husband gave up and wedged two suitcases and a chair in front of the door too.The area (Fisherman’s Wharf) can be unsafe at times. We spotted the usual pick-pocketers/bag snatchers hanging around the crossings in the area early evening time. They work in teams waiting for you to be distracted waiting for the walking man signal. If go to this area always be extra vigilant, also with street performers, again they are a distraction to you.We used to love San Francisco but we’ve decided we won’t be going again. We were there for four nights/three full days and beggars must have asked us for money at least 100 times (I’m not exaggerating), it’s bad.	
May 12 2007 	Great Location	Really good location for Fisherman's Wharf. However I was a little disappointed with Tuscan Inn. I'd read good reviews on here so maybe my expectations were high, but this was the first hotel I stayed in during my tour of N America out of a total of 10 hotels of similar standard. I'd say it came about 7th in preference. The main fault was that the room was small and cramped. However it was clean and the bed was comfortable and it had a good shower and plenty of hot water. The staff were very pleasant but I don't think I'd stay there again.	
May 2 2007 	Great Location but not great experiance	The Tuscan Inn is in a great location if you want to do the touristy things around Fisherman's Wharf but don't expect anything grand. The hotel is quite small and isn't in a very smart area, it's surrounded by car parks and some shops, but on the plus side it is very close to the cable car terminal and the Boudin bread bakery. So it's good for Pier 39, the Bay trips, Ghirardelli Centre and the Cannery, but that is really all it has going for it.The room was small but it did have a desk, table &amp; chairs and unit for fridge/TV stand. This meant it was all a little cramped. There was no wardrobe , just a curtained off rail. The wash basin was in the room without any privacy and there was a small bathroom for the toilet and bath/shower. There was an individual air-con unit in the window which was very noisy and didn’t generate much cold air. We found it much better to just open the window which obviously wouldn’t work on hot days. We overlooked a small courtyard but the other windows were very close so privacy was an issue.The maids woke us the first day by shouting to each other outside the room at 8am but it didn’t happen after that. The room was cleaned, but not spotless, and the bed was made badly. This sloppy attitude was much the same at the front desk where they didn’t really seem to know what was going on and there were usually queues as they were slow to deal with people. They were polite and did help eventually, but it was hard work.The hotel provides free hot drinks and biscotti in the mornings, which was good quality but why? It’s not a great breakfast is it? And there is a coffee machine in the room. I would rather save the money.It has an adjoining restaurant which we used for lunch one day. Service was poor and they got our order wrong, but they did correct it at no extra cost and the food was good. I personally would look around for a better Hotel a little way out , maybe further over towards the Ghirardelli Centre and the other Cable car stop, if I was to stay on the bay front.	
May 1 2007 	Great location..	My only regret is that we could only stay one night because of work obligations. The hotel is in a great location, Close to Fishermans wharf, Cable cars, ect. When we arrived we were pleasantly suprised . this place looks nothing like your typical Best western. Very nice warm, welcoming lobby. The room was decent. A little on the small side. but very nicely furnished. The mini bar was a nice touch, But very $$$. There is a Safeway &amp; Trader Joes within walking distance , My advice , Better to purchase your own snacks &amp; drinks. (We did indulge in the OJ &amp; Vodka and 1 Beer . the cost was almost 16 $. !!!!) As far as the parking ...It's San Francisco .It's going to cost you no matter what. Plan on spending 36 to 40 $. All in all it was nice overnight getaway .I would stay again.	
Apr 28 2007 	Locationlocationlocation	Clean,friendly,and the location was perfect. Transportation is close by. I highly recommend this hotel..I can promise you will not be dissappointed.	
Apr 23 2007 	Fantastic In Every Way	This is a gem of a hotel. We just returned from a one week stay. Perfect location on the edge of Fisherman's Wharf. Mason cable car line around the corner. Bus route across the street. Within close walking distance to everything - Fisherman's Wharf, Safeway (for groceries), Barnes &amp; Noble, etc. Safe neighbourhood. Hotel restaurant was superb.Great service and friendly Front Desk. The Concierge service is excellent. Made arrangements for car rental and recommended several great restaurants. Free wine and mingle from 5 to 6pm. each night. What a treat. Plus the price was way cheaper than other hotels nearby. Rooms are small but very quaint. Choose a courtyard view room (ours was Rm. 255 - away from elevators). Very clean. We would return in an instant!Staying at the Tuscan Inn really topped off a perfect stay in San Francisco.	
Apr 22 2007 	Best ever stay at SF wharf	This is now our favorite hotel near the San Francisco Wharf. As other reviewers have said most everything is within easy walking distance. The Wharf, Safeway, Trader Joes, numerous restaurants including Burger King and Denny's, and the cable car are all a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel. We especially enjoyed eating at Cesar’s on Bay Street, which is an Italian restaurant at the same location for over 50 years.Staff was all friendly and courteous. We had a corner room with a separate sitting area. Very clean and nicely decorated. We could see Coit Tower and downtown SF from two windows, a peek at the bay from another, and the tops of Golden Gate Bridge from another. Several have mentioned the charge for parking. It really does save if you can get a deal with free parking, but the fee is not out of line. Valet parking was $36 a day, but we're not complaining because other SF wharf hotels have charged us a similar fee even without the valet service.Will definitely stay at the Tuscan Inn when we return to SF in October.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great location for Alcatraz	This is a great hotel amongst the many that are close to Fisherman's Wharf. I had a room at the back that was quiet and very nicely furnished. My friends had an identical room at the front of the hotel that was, however, quite noisy at night. There was a free wine tasting that the hotel put on that we were, unfortunately, too jet-lagged to participate in.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great location thought I had seen everything	The Tuscan Inn is located about two blocks south of Fishermans Wharf. The best part of the hotel was its location. It is perfectly situated just far enough off of the “strip” of Fishermans Wharf but just a couple of blocks from everything. You are right near Pier 39, the cable car entrance, lots of great restaurants, stores, bookstore, trinket shops, you name it. It is actually quiet for having so much around it. I’d have to say that you can walk to any of the major attractions in under 15 minutes from the hotel. On a side note, I booked my reservation directly with the hotel about four months before we arrived. The reservation clerk said “You are lucky and got our Winter rate, here is your confirmation number” I didn’t think anything else about the reservation except I have a confirmation number and a great rate. When I arrived, the hotel had my reservation and confirmation number but couldn’t seem to find the great rate they quoted me, HOW INTERESTING, I thought I had seen it all… Luckily, the manager was very professional and had some business sense. She said she would look into the problem and get right back to me. I was pretty steamed that they wanted to charge me full price and couldn’t seem to find the rates they quoted me. The manger found my original reservation and reduced my rates to almost match the quoted rates, not a perfect solution but much better than it could have been. A lesson learned, if you get a good quoted rate, GET IT IN WRITING… As for our stay, my wifes comment was, “The hotel is quiet, clean, and safe” I agree. If there wouldn’t have been the room rate issue, I would have rated the hotel 4 out of 5. The hotel is a little too dated to make 5 or 5. Another irritant was the crazy parking fees for the hotel. To park your car, the charge was $36 per night, pretty incredible but they know they have you by the throat. I will return to this hotel if we decide to visit San Francisco again. There is a Sheraton right across the street that was just as well located but looked newer, I’ll check the rates there too. You might also consider a company called “Super Shuttle” to transport you from SFO to the hotel. They do a good job and are a heck of a lot cheaper than a cab and you won’t have to mess with the parking fees.	
Apr 11 2007	Great Find	Upon arriving late through no fault of our own and finding our room double booked we were put up in a nearby sister hotel (Anchorage) until our room was ready the next day and they give us a complimentary bottle of champagne - after this though there were no more snags and everything went great - hotel staff friendly and helpful - rooms were quiet, clean and comfortable - food in the restaurant fabulous - the situation of the hotel was very convenient - just a few mins walk from fishermans wharf with a public transport stop, supermarket, small shops, bars and cafes also really close at hand - approx 10 mins walking distance for ferries to alcatraz and bay cruise, etc - would definitely stop here again	
Apr 9 2007 	Friendly and comfortable.	Small, very clean room, comfortable bed, coffee making facilites, but noisy fridge in room. Every evening 5pm to 6pm, guests are invited to have free wine in the reception area and there is free coffee there every morning. Conveniently situated for the Wharf. Staff very helpful and pleasant. Seemed to be in a much safer area than the centre of San Francisco. Lots of tourists walking out in the evening. Would definately stay here again.	
Apr 3 2007 	Good hotelgreat location	Had a great 2 night stay,returning from NZ.on 15th March 2007. Rooms good, decor very well done in Italian style (Tuscan!) Exellent location for Pier39, Fishermans wharf and trams etc, with a large Safeway a block away. All within easy walking distance.	
Mar 27 2007 	A Great Place	I booked this hotel online from UK for a 9 night visit, my first time in the states. From start to finish the staff did not put a foot wrong. The hotel is clean and well decorated. Very close to Fishermans Wharf. and with quick access to Cable cars and Trams to get you elsewhere in the city. A very pleasant stay.	
Mar 16 2007 	convenient to Fishermans Wharf	Excellent location near Fishermans Wharf. Rooms very impressively decorated and clean.	
Feb 11 2007	Wonderful --- NOT!	We're sitting in our hotel room, waiting for another set of towels (there are three of us and we were given towels for two). The ice machine is empty. The vending machine doesn't work. The concierge does not answer the phone. Exactly who runs this place!?!?!?!?!	
Feb 6 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	From checkin to checkout, our stay was fabulous. The staff's professional, spirited attitude--be they reservationist, valet, front desk, or housekeeper--deserves 5 stars. For instance, mention in passing by one of us about an allergy to down brought an instant change of linens. The hotel's evening wine hour and morning's biscotti hour also distinguish the property as a cut above, and our group, which has stayed at many a biz hotel, had no problem whatsoever; in fact, a courtesy upgrade got us a fine meeting space with free internet, which even impressed our boss. And while we weren't expecting to dine at their restaurant, given how many fine ones there are to choose from in this neighborhood, as it turns out we relished the food, both dinner and breakfast. We're already planning our next stay.	
Jan 29 2007 	Great find in touristy Fishermans Wharf	Just came back from a one night stay at the Tuscan Inn. Although we are &quot;locals&quot; having lived in SF Bay Area for the last 16 years, we were attending a wine event at Fort Mason and didn't want to have to drive home. When I got a GREAT deal ($99 INCLUDING parking!!!!) I jumped at it. But being the Wharf had no great expectations, and didn't really need much more than a bed for the night.This hotel is a weird hybrid.. calling itself Best Western, but being in partnership with Kimpton Hotels (which for those that don't know is a chain of more upscale boutique hotels). I have to think this is why the hotel looks and feels a lot better than other Wharf hotels I've stayed at previously. And frankly more upscale than other Best Westerns too.Staff were very pleasant, always asking if we needed directions or anything (we didn't, but it's nice to be asked) and smiling and opening doors etc. (including all the maids and bell boys we encountered) Small touches, but very pleasant. We didn't make it to the wine hour (having been drinking wine all day, it was not high on our agenda!) but have done that at other Kimpton hotels and it's a nice extra.Our room looked like a room in a Kimpton hotel, nice bed with decent white linens with burgundy and black throw pillows and accents. The bathroom had not been remodeled in alignment, but it was all very clean and perfectly acceptable.The great thing for us was the free parking. Normally parking is $36 a night so getting that thrown in was a fantastic steal. What I didn't realize at the time is that the park the car across the street in a public lot (I assumed it would be in covered hotel parking). Agree with other comments that breakfast at Cafe Pescatore is nothing to write home about, but again, my expectations were low, as it is just that kind of area.But if I could get a deal like this on the same hotel, I'd go back every year as we attend the same event every year, and the location and facilities were exactly what we needed.	
Jan 28 2007 	Good Place if you can get a Discount	We stayed at the BW Tuscan Inn only because they were offering a great winter deal -$99 for a room with king-size bed and free parking (which usually goes for at least $30 in this part of town). The room was nicely decorated - nothing too fancy. Staff were very friendly and courteous. And, we appreciated the complementary touches - wine/cheese in the evening and coffee/tea and biscotti in the morning. Location is very convenient to Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach, Russian Hill, and the Embarcadero. Overall, we would recommend this place to friends, especially if they are able to get a good discount and free parking.	
Jan 27 2007 	Saved the Trip	Want to mention that this hotel saved our trip. We originally were staying at a hotel on Geary Street and were very turned off about the place. We prepaid for 4 nights and it was so bad we went to priceline and were able to secure the Tuscan for the other 3 days. The Tuscan is centrally located at the Wharf and its a great place...the beds are great, several good pillows and the rooms are super...the lobby is nice...restaurants and shops are close by as well...it saved our trip!!!!!	
Jan 20 2007	A Gem of a Hotel!	This hotel is a real gem! It is in a really good position, is not too large, and the staff are really helpful, and, contrary to what we expected on visiting America for the first time, are not waiting around for tips all the time! The furnishings are superb, rooms comfortable, and the icing on the cake was that every evening between 5 and 6pm they put on wine and beer tasting with nibbles for all the guests in the lounge! You can spend the whole hour or just pop in. Also, if you are not a breakfast person, you can just pick up a complimentary coffee and biscotori in the mornings. We only stayed for three nights, wish it had been longer!	
Jan 18 2007	Hotel Good Beware the Breakfast!	For our Silver Wedding Anniversary we decided to go round the world, &amp; one stop, albeit only for 2 nights, was San Francisco. We've used Best Western hotels quite a lot, so had no fear of booking the Tuscan Inn. Reviews on-line were generally favourable - as is ours.We arrived on the evening of december 5th, and the check-in staff were helpful and efficient. The room was a fair distance from the elevator, but adequate, and no different to most others in this class of hotel as far as amenities went. Our room looked out onto a very small internal courtyard, &amp; plants and flowers made it quite pleasant, but one had to be careful about the shutters because other guests could see into the room. The reverse applied, of course!The next morning, we went down to the adjacent restaurant, which had been in prior publicity material, for breakfast. We didn't enjoy it, because some of the staff seemed to have little English, and misunderstood our requests. We were given saute potatoes that were inedible because they were so hard and undercooked, and the coffee wasn't so good, either. We sent the potatoes back, and the bill was reduced by a small amount. The Eagle Cafe on Pier 39 is a far better bet, and has a view of Alcatraz whilst you're eating.We used the hotel's safety deposit without any problems, and the checkout was good and swiftly done. The hotel is quite close to Fisherman's Wharf and the terminus of one of the Cable-car lines, and also close to the streetcar line, so getting into the city centre was easy. The general area that the hotel is in is a bit scruffy. The only quibble we had with the Tuscan Inn was that outside our room was a large cupboard, and staff kept going in there, made quite a noise, and finished off by banging the door. Overall it was quite good, but not so good as to be a 'must go back' sort of place. We paid £172 (stg) for our two night stay.	
Jan 10 2007 	Loved the Tuscan Inn	As a travel agent, I have recommended this hotel for years for my clients. They have all come back and praised it. I finally had the topportunity to check it out for myself. It wa fabulous. The location is ideal. Easy walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and the Dock for the trip to Alcatraz, as well as Giradelli Square and the cable cars. We did it all. Hotel was Very nicely furnished, staff was Very helpful. The rooms are just a tad bit small---but we didn't spend much time in our room. Very well cleaned. I will continue to recommend this property.	
Dec 28 2006 	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights (12/13 Oct). We chose it for its proximity to Fisherman's Wharf and the price. We were not disappointed with either. The room had recently been re-done and was extremely clean and well appointed. A little on the small side, but large enough to be comfortable for 2 people. The service was excellent. We thoroughly enjoyed the complimentary wine served in the evenings in the hotel lobby. If we are ever fortunate enough to be able to visit San Francisco again, this is the place where we would stay again.	
Dec 17 2006 	I Left My Heart.....	We stayed at this charming hotel for one night before our cruise to Mexico, and then two nights following the cruise. We were both delighted with the friendly staff, clean rooms and very convenient location. We walked to Fisherman's Wharf area attractions. The cable car Mason-Powell line was only a block away. Two grocery store and a drug store are one block away. (Don't miss Trader Joe's if you've never been!) I spent several hours in the spacious lobby, reading by the fireplace. Clients seemed to be mostly families on vacation. The knowledgable concierge booked us a return shuttle to Oakland Airport, as well as tipping us off to good activities. Restaurant was very good, if a bit noisy accoustically. I loved the shampoo and soap in the rooms. I wish I could buy them at home! I highly recommend this delightful hotel. Oh,yes-free coffee and biscotti for breakfast, and wine in the afternoon!	
Dec 14 2006 	Great Hotel	My husband and myself stayed at the Tuscan Inn 12/8-10. We absolutly loved the hotel and would stay again. Comfortable bed, staff was excellent....great get a way!!!	
Nov 29 2006 	Lovely Evening	We stayed in a suite at the Tuscan Inn the weekend before Thanksgiving. I certainly would recommend a suite for parties of 3 or more. (I traveled with my wife and teenage son.) The rooms' furniture and amenities were quite nice.The afternoon wine party was well-attended and pleasant. We had pizza hors d'oeuvres. The continental breakfast is inadequate (only tiny biscotti are provided). We ate dinner at the Cafe Pescatore (the on-line site restaurant). Our meals were OK; however, I have never been impressed with restaurants in the Fisherman's Wharf area.After dinner we walked to Pier 39 and enjoyed the sea lions and the atmosphere.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel. My daughter and I wanted a quick get-away right in the heart of things. The Tuscan Inn is right at Fisherman's Wharf and a 3 minute walk to the cable cars. Rooms are small but tastefully done, very clean and the staff friendly and helpful. We would not hesitate to recommend it.	
Oct 16 2006 	Excellent Location!!	This is an excellent hotel. Very clean. Location is excellent, walking distance to Fisherman Wharf and Chinatown. Very pleasant staff. Would recommend this hotel with no hesitation. You will love this place.	
Oct 12 2006	Loved Staying at the Tuscan Inn	We stayed at SF Tuscan Inn last week and absolutely loved the fact that it was so close to the Warf and Embarcadero. Nice rooms, a bit on the smaller side, but parking right at the hotel. We booked our trip using travel-tricks.com without a hitch. M. Miller, Sacramento, Ca.	
Oct 12 2006 	Perfect Romance in Tuscany	While looking for a romantic yet affordable place to take the love of my life for Valentine's day weekend, my search via the internet let me to the Best Western - Tuscan Inn. Although I had frequented San Francisco on many occasions, I had never even noticed this property, and I wanted this weekend to be the most romantic ever.Prior to our arrival, I had contacted the concierge' desk and asked them to arrange for roses to be waiting in the room, and for a limousine for dinner on Saturday evening. They said they could accomodate me.Upon our arrival, we were directed to a &quot;mini-suite&quot; on the fourth (top) floor, southeastern corner of the hotel. Although it was not particular large, it had a quaint sitting room with a television, and coffee table, and the entire suite was very nicely decorated. This particular room had views of the Bay bridge, the Golden Gate bridge, and if we were sitting up in bed, we had a beautiful view of the bay and Fisherman's Wharf. There was a DVD copy of &quot;Under the Tuscan Sun&quot;, which was a nice touch, although my girlfriend couldn't figure out why they left that particular movie. I explained to her that we were staying in the &quot;Tuscan Inn!!!&quot; We both had a good laugh, but never got to watch the movie.The roses in the room were the most beautiful my love had ever seen, and were in a beautiful vase with the stems hidden by a giant leaf wrappped inside the clear vase. Excellent choice of florist by the hotel.The evening Italian wine &amp; beer reception was very nice, and complimentary for hotel guests. The limousine arrived on time, and the driver was very cordial and accomodating.Upon our checkout, I had the great pleasure of meeting &quot;Daniel&quot;, the hotel concierge'. He is the BEST!!! I can not emphasize how much he adds to the overall hotel experience.I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND staying at this property. This hotel is truly a value for the mid-level traveler looking for excellent accomodations and the HIGHEST LEVEL OF SERVICE ANYWHERE!!!	
Oct 9 2006 	Not cheap but worth it	Visited 23 to 26 Sep - 4 nightsGreat location within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf (Pier 39 and Alcatraz ferry) and all transport links (tram, bus, BART link). Not much of a view from our room as it didn't overlook the street but therefore quiet. Was a bit costly at over £100/night overall but seems to be standard for Frisco. It's attached to an Italian downstairs that you can get 10% discount at for breakfast and, I think, dinner. There's free coffee, teas at breakfast time with little biscotti and, best of all, from 5 til 6pm you get a free wine 'tasting' reception (plus Peroni, coke or Pellegrino) which, as long as you don't take the p**s, can set you up nicely for the evening!Good atmosphere, welcoming and quite cosy lobby and lounge, helpful and friendly staff (one of them printed off some TV listings off the net for us)Overall impressed.	
Oct 5 2006 	Tiny Room	The hotel was nicely decorated as was the room. The lobby is a great place to sit and relax. The room was so tiny that my husband had to lift our suitcase over the bed. Our room overlooked the apartment building next door. Walking distance to Pier and cable car.	
Sep 12 2006	Great Location	This hotel is situated two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. All the tourist destinations (ferry to Alcatraz, restaurants, public transportation stops) are all within reasonable walking distance. The rooms themselves are quite small but clean. The staff was very friendly and accomadating with any questions or requests.	
Sep 6 2006	NIce Place	My husband, two kids and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn for 3 nights in late August. Although we had reserved a suite with sitting room, it was too small for the four of us. We ended up with two interior connecting rooms, though the price was more than advertised on the website. Yes, the courtyard rooms are dark, but we weren't there much during the day anyway. Though small, the rooms were clean and nicely decorated. The staff was friendly and polite, and the a.m. coffee greatly appreciated. Try the restaurant , as they have decent meals and offer 10% off to hotel guests. We'd stay at the hotel again since the location, facilities and price were good.	
Sep 3 2006 	Terrible in Tuscany	We had been traveling quite a bit this summer. We were in Calfornia for about 15 years in a row,for almost two weeks. We used to stay in downtown San Francisco , then found a nice small motel place near the wharf, but the mattresses became too lumpy for our backs. So, we were up in Calistoga(wine country) and needed a short two night stay before we headed home. I had read reviews of the Tuscan Inn in prior years and thought it would be a good choice. We were severely disappointed. The hotel manager did her best to help us, but certain problems with the hotel simply can not be corrected. The rooms that face the streets are very noisy due to tour buses, local buses and traffic. The courtyard room we were assigned was dark and dingy and since we are fresh air oriented, when we opened the windows we heard 30 +air conditioning units humming away. Couryard rooms are darker than street rooms. The interior of the room was sort of Rococo with a mishmash of colors. The room itself was small and crowded with old furniture and knick knacks. The bathroom had several problems. First ,it was tiny ,old and not at all modern. When I woke up early in the morning to use the facilities, a light outside on the vanity wakened my traveling companion.The inn advertises coffee and tea and biscotti in the morning. Regrettablyt, the biscotti were tiny pieces, quite inedible.The lobby is very busy, with lots of tourists rushing around, apparently quite a few on bus tours. We think the hotel needs a major redoing in almost every respect.Before we reserved, we asked the front desk about the mattresses and were told they were new. My side had that typical depression you find in a hotel bed where a person has been sleeping on the edge and the mattresses have not been turned or simply were not of good quaity to retain any support. We later in the day checked out several large chain hotels in the area, and found them not more expensive and just in more fantastic shape. So, we will never stay at this inn again, barring major renovations.We advise travelers not to be impressed with what the hotel sounds like, and to pass it by.	
Sep 1 2006 	Great Location Good Hotel	Spent 3 nights at the Tuscan Inn just after Memorial day. We booked through Expedia which was cheaper than the Best Western site. The hotel is about a 2 block walk to the wharf and 4 blocks to a cable car stop.. Based on recommendations here, we asked for an interior room...which meant we had a view of the roof....or someone else's window...but it was a nice roof, since they placed some potted plants up there to make you forget that you were looking at the roof. Next time I'd ask for a room on the street. I think I'd take a nice view for a little noise.The rooms were very nice and clean. Bathrooms were also very nice. No free internet here though. Some Best Westerns have it, others don't.Down in the lobby, they serve coffee with biscotti in the morning and wine and beer in the early evening. The wine and beer draws a big crowd so get there early...but it's great to get a couple of free drinks.The bus line and electric car run right in front of the hotel. Forget about driving your car anywhere (and you have to pay to park here...about $20 a night I think. It's also valet only, so anytime you get your car...a tip!). In this city public transport can take you anywhere you want to go. Just pick up one of the multi-day passes at the cable car ticket booth (the booth closes about 4pm...something the hotel concierge did not know much to our chagrin).This hotel is much cheaper than others that you'll find in the wharf area, but still very nice. We would absolutely stay here again.Restaurant tips: Try La Taqueria on Mission Street. Okay...you don't usually come to SF for Mexican food, but man the tacos are good here. Not the best area of town, but you can get there by the bus and the trip is definitely worth it...yummmmm. While over in this area you're not too far from Haight Ashbury (don't miss Amoeba records) so combine the trip. For Italian food, forget the wharf and take the cable car to Columbus Ave.	
Aug 31 2006 	Nice place!	We stayed at the Tuscan for the last two nights of our holiday following our return from Las Vegas. Having spent the first week in a hotel closer to Union Square we had decided to be nearer to Fishermans Wharf. It was a good decision and we were not disappointed with the hotel. Very conveniently situated just a couple of blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel was very welcoming and efficient and the room comfortable and beautifully presented. Unfortunately the room looked out onto another building, but it was at least quiet and we didn't spend much time there. The bed was extremely comfortable. The wine tasting session in the early evening was a nice touch and extremely popular and the complementary tea and coffee in the morning was appreciated too. I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Tuscan again!	
Aug 30 2006 	Top location !	Stayed with my family ( 2 adults &amp; 2 kids) early august 2006. the location is great for pier 39 and alcatraz ( remember to pre book if you want to go onto the rock as when we went it was completely booked up for 5 days ! ). the hotel itself is very nice with the rooms large and comfortable. the only criticism would be the traffic noise that bothered us on a couple of occassions early morning. staff were helpful although the valet parking and the laundry costs were extremely expensive. overall our visit was hit and we would recommend it as base to explore the beautiful city of san francisco.	
Aug 30 2006	clean and dependable	We wanted to stay in the Wharf area. This hotel was perfect. We arrived early and decided to park at the hotel and hopefully check in early. They allowed this, so we only had to pay the regular parking fee of the hotel. Way too much money to pay for parking, but that is the way it is in San Francisco. The room was beautiful, clean, and nicely decorated. The cons: low water pressure, toilet backed up. No continental breakfast, computer use in the lobby cost. The pros: location, friendly staff, beautiful rooms and comfy beds. We were walking distance to everything in the area, so never needed our car once we drove in.	
Aug 29 2006 	Stay here!	Stayed 5 nights from August 10th. Reception: excellent. Room, on the side of the hotel, had no view, except another wall, but quiet. Clean hotel, room valeting very good. Excellent free wine reception in evening. Helpful desk when we needed advice. This is an ideal place to spend time in this interesting city. Recommended. Avoided the in-house restaurant after evening meal found expensive and disappointing. Liked the Hollywood Cafe up the road for breakfast: good value, quick and tasty.	
Aug 22 2006	Nice Little Place	Checked in Aug. 13 in a suite, 2 adults, 2 kids. The word suite is used loosely here. It's just 2 tiny rooms with a king bed in one and a pullout sofa in the other with a connecting door. But the maid service was excellent, it was very clean and the bed was comfortable. The shower stall could have been bigger as the bathroom itself was pretty large. The morning coffe and biscotti was great. And free NEw York Times to go with it. 5:00 free wine and beer very popular and nice if you happen to catch it before you go out to dinner. Be warned though, the hot hors douvres(SP?) are all gone if you don't get there early. Nice way to meet other guests and chat. And the fire was going i the fireplace where you could sit right in front of it and warm up.Daniel, the concierge, was so friendly and helpful. Great guy. He recommened Pat's, a breakfast place near the cable turnaround. IT was wonderful. Also got us a neat rental car on very short notice. The women at the checkin/out desk were hit or miss friendly. Depended on who was there. Overall, though, a great location if you want to be near the Wharf. Walking distance to all the shops and Pier 41, 39, etc. We took mostly buses with the Citypass everywhere else or taxis. You don't need a car because parking is a nightmare. But we rented a convertible one day and drove to Sausalito (check out Angelino's restaurant), and Muir Woods and Stinson Beach was fabulous. Great views from Coit Tower and Top of the Mark Hotel (we went to the bar and just looked around; then when we walked out , the valet got a hotel car which took us to the Tuscan Inn - free (just a tip) Tiring trip but great fun!	
Aug 22 2006 	Loved the Tuscan Inn!!!	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn in August while visiting San Francisco. We would highly recommend this hotel, on arrival we were given an upgrade to a junior suite which was perfect after a long flight from the UK.We found the staff extremely helpful and the room was clean , tidy , a decent size and the bed was extremely comfortable.Would definately recommend this hotal as the location is perfect , only afew blocks from Fishermans Wharf.Thanks for a great stay !	
Aug 15 2006 	Terrific Choice	Absolutely top-notch for the price! Great location near Fisherman's Wharf and a great price for a suite (albeit not a huge one!). Top-notch staff and very clean and comfortable!	
Aug 9 2006 	Great atmosphere and theme	The &quot;Tuscan&quot; Inn is recognisable from all directions and inside the theme continues - lots of dark red. But the decor and furniture really was nice and well co-ordinated, it felt like you were staying in a much higher class hotel than it was. Comfortable beds and good water pressure. Very close to the old fashioned trolley rides and the alcatraz ferry, lots of nice walks to be had from the hotel.Downsides are disinterested staff, bordering on rude and quite small rooms. Also we may be two men, but we are a couple. We were put in a room with two separate beds (they were not quite doubles but slightly bigger than singles) - and this is San Francisco of all places! Every other hotel we went to in the USA and Europe asked if we wanted one bed or two when we checked in.The Fisherman's Wharf location is a bit over the top touristy. But it suited us as we were in the mood for a bit of escapism. It's an easy city to get around anyway, so you can easily escape. They pride themselves on their Italian and Chinese food which must mean a lot of entrepreneurs try to cash in. Because we ate out both nights and the food was appalling and overpriced compared to here in Melbourne or compared to some of the great spots we found in New York and West Hollywood. Bad luck I suppose.Contrary to all the reviews here, we were on the top floor facing out and noticed no noise! I even had a family member stay here who warned me about the noise but we noticed nothing. Disclaimer: we live in an inner-city apartment at home so may be used to it.	
Aug 9 2006 	Beautiful accomodating...not to mention perfect location!	My friend and I....leave our husband's once a year to take a fun &quot;girls&quot; trip. This year we found our hearts to be in...San Francisco...and we almost left them there! ;)This hotel was a beaut! The rooms were gorgeous, decorated in black, white, red and some green here and there. The beds were so comfortable with their down duvet, and soft sheets, comfy pillows in different shapes.Check in was a breeze, the valet helped us put our bags in storage, we had arrived a little early for check in...it was nice to have the car parked for us...about 2 short blocks was the pier of SF. So, the location was awesome.The flowers on the patio were in full bloom and beautiful. The evening wine reception was so lovely, with fireplace lit, and 4 different wines, 2 different beers, or soda/water to chose from (all at no extra charge) and the pizzeria next door even brought in complementary pizza bites for all to share. The best part of this evening reception is the people you meet, from all around the world coming to share in the beauty of this city.My favorite part of SF would have to be our $3.00 lunch...yes three dollars. Well, if you like bread, jam and different kinds of oil dips...head over to Boudin for the tour, at the end you have fresh water pitches and all kinds of bread and dips to try! Also the chicken/asparagus and mashed potatoes at the Cheesecake factory at Macy's was sooooooo good and the Godiva cheese cake...yummmm enough to Go Dive for! Loved it!Be aware though..all these hotels charge parking fees...but with AAA discount you save about 10 a night...and if you go to Wax Museum or any of those little places...ask if they take AAA we saved 9 bucks a piece!Also, we requested two plastic forks at 9 pm...to of course eat our cheesecake,,,and they delivered them up to our room within 5 minutes ;)Have fun! Stay here, you wont be disappointed!	
Aug 6 2006 	stinky wet carpet	Just returned from 2 weeks traveling from L.A. to San Francisco and exploring the central coast. I used the trip advisor to help determine all my hotel picks .This is the only hotel that was a mistake.Judging by the reviews, mine may be an isolated incident . If you want to stay near the Wharf this is a good location .The hotel was very busy when we stayed .The room we were given smelled due to a leak and wet carpet .My family had to wear flip flops in the room to keep our feet dry .I inquired at the front desk to change room but they were not able to accomodate until the next day. The smell was terrible and left me with a headache and very little sleep .This hotel has many sister hotels and we would even have relocated. The next day we were switched to another room which was acceptable.The desk or managemnet never acknowledged or apologized and seemed to have a low level of concern.Yes both rooms were small.I would not stay or recommend this hotel .Next time I will stay near Union Square. 1 day at the Wharf is plenty very touristy.	
Aug 3 2006 	Great Stay--You Won't Be Disappointed!	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for four nights (July 22-26) and were very happy overall with the hotel. After reading other reviews about getting an inside room facing the courtyard I was ready to request that. Our flight was an early a.m. arrival and when we arrived the front desk let us know there was already a room available but it was an outside facing room. Since it was on the fourth floor we went ahead thinking it might be a little quieter since it wasn't on the street level. They let us know if we wanted to switch after the first night that wouldn't be a problem. We ended up staying in the room they gave us and it was just fine. In fact, I was thrilled to look out our window and actually see the towers of the golden gate bridge peeking over the other buildings between our hotel and the bay! We lucked out and were there when it was clear for a couple days. It was a bonus to be all checked in mid-morning and we were able to take off and enjoy the city right away. The location is great since it is only a couple blocks to Fisherman's Wharf, the ferry for Alcatraz, Pier 39, Ghiradelli Square, cable cars, bus stops, and there is a small shopping center across the street with grocery store, etc. to stock up on whatever you might want to keep in your room for snacks, drinks, etc. If you're traveling to SF for the first time and have kids with you I think this is a perfect location. The staff was exceptionally helpful and friendly, from the front desk, concierge, valet, and housekeeping. I would ignore the review or two that complain about this hotel. Some people aren't happy no matter what. The coffee and biscotti in the lobby in the morning was nice and all the guests that I talked to seemed very pleased to be there too. (coffee tasted extra good to me!) The lobby was decorated nicely. Too bad we weren't able to enjoy the fireplace because of the heatwave. Overall a nice atmosphere. The only slight downside (and it was slight) was the room size was a little small. I knew that going into it and was prepared so it wasn't a big surprise. We traveled with two teens and had a wheelchair to store in the room too but there was still enough room to put clothes, suitcases, etc. and still walk around the room. The beds were also very comfortable. It just might not be for someone who wants to hang out all day at the hotel in a roomy room. But who wants to hang out all day at the hotel when you have such a great city to explore? Thanks Tuscan Inn. We loved our stay and miss it already. We will definitely return here the next time we're in SF.	
Jul 19 2006	Great place--Great location	My husband and I just got home from our first trip to San Francisco and we had a FANTASTIC time! The BW Tuscan Inn is a very charming hotel with an excellent location if you want to be within a 5 minute walk to Fisherman's wharf and Pier 39. The front desk was very friendly and our room was very comfortable. We stayed in room 411 with a slight view of the flower filled courtyard. Since we wern't in our room much, the view really didn't matter to us. The bed was comfortable and the water pressure in the shower was sufficient enough to rinse conditioner out of my long hair without use of the ice bucket.We stayed 2 nights July 11 and 12. Parking at the hotel is expensive at $32 plus tax per night but the up side is that you have in/out privilages. The garage kitty corner from the hotel is $22 plus tax but does not offer in/out. We did take the car out once for a spin around the city and a drive down lombard street. What fun that was! Not much traffic going down the hill. My husband kicked me out of the car at the bottom so I could get some great pictures of the crooked street from the bottom of the hill.Parking in the city is a royal pain! If you don't need a car take cable cars or muni. I think everyone already knows this. The Tuscan Inn was perfect for us as far as location. No kidding, less than 5 minutes walk and we were right at Fisherman's Wharf. The only slight complaint I had about the Tuscan Inn was when we checked in, we were given a key to the honor bar but when I opened the door to the bar, it was completely empty. No big deal for us as it's too expensive to eat out of it anyway. Was just curious to see what they would stock it with. I'm a travel agent so I'm pretty picky about my hotel rooms but I have to say I will be suggesting this hotel to my clients. The rooms are on the small side but if your not traveling with a big family or a lot of luggage, these rooms are just fine. I really enjoyed my stay here and if/when I go back to San Francisco, I will probably stay here again. Front desk staff even took the time to call a restaurant at pier 39 to inquire about the dress code for me even though they had a couple of people also waiting to ask questions or to check in. My husband and I both enjoyed our stay very much.	
Jul 7 2006	Definately one to avoid	Recently spent four night at the Tuscan Inn. Firstly they didnt have a record of our booking which we had made 6 months earlier. Then they gave us a room which had a view of a wall, a tiny bathroom so small in fact that the sink had to be in the bedroom. The hotel wasnt busy at the time so it wasnt lack of space. They then charged our credit card when we left even though we had already paid when the booking was made. Since then our credit card has been charged for another 4 nights stay in May. A booking we never made and a stay we never had. So unless you want your room to have a sink in it and a view of a brick wall not to mention you card being charged for other people's accommodation I would avoid it like the plague!	
Jun 29 2006	Very friendly staff	Stayed at the Tuscan Inn for three nights at the end of June. The service from every staff member we encountered was delightful. Our room (two double beds) was very nice (spacious, clean, comfortable), except because of the room's heat at night it would have been good to be able to open the window; unfortunately the noise from the street was very loud if you did - suggest you request an interior-facing room if staying in summer.The location was good if you want to be near Fisherman's Wharf. Perhaps I missed something, but the only things Fisherman's Wharf was good for was the ferry to Alcatraz and hiring a bike to ride over the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito (both 'must-dos' whilst in San Fran).Drinks from 5-6pm were a great chance to meet other guests and as an aperitif before dinner (incidentally, we dined one night at the restaurant next to the Tuscan Inn; it was excellent, and you get 10% off for staying at the hotel).	
Jun 26 2006	Great location service and beer.	Hello, and thank you for reading.My wife and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn on June 4-7th, 2006 and really enjoyed the hotel. We agree with the others who have written: &quot;This does not feel like a Best Western.&quot;The interior has a luxuorius feel and our room was clean and well decorated. Although the parking charge is steep, it seems to be the market price in San Francisco, (or as the locals like to call it: Frisco. Just kidding, they HATE the nickanme: Frisco.)Being the lushes that we are, my wife and I took full advantage of the free happy hour, arriving promptly at five, and not leaving until six. The bartenders were always very friendly and never gave us a hard time about our repeated trips for refills.Probably the best feature of the Tuscan Inn is its location. With a very short 2 block walk, you are in the heart of Fisherman's Wharf. Renting bikes and riding them over the Golden Gate bridge is especially fun. Around the corner from the hotel, the trolley ride is beautiful.Last words: stay here. You could go downtown and stay in a fancy high rise, but you could do that in any city. Get the Frisco experience and stay at the Tuscan Inn.	
Jun 22 2006	A wonderful hotel loved San Francisco	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for 3 nights at the end of May, the hotel has a great location within walking distance to the waterfront, including attractions and great restaurants. The staff were very polite and helpful, loved the large lobby area with the large fireplace where you were invited to sample wonderful wine and nibbles early evening and tea or coffee in the mornings. Our rooms were of adequate size, very clean and as requested overlooking the courtyard area, which was very pretty. I notice on other reviews the high cost of parking which we didn't have to consider as we were advised you do not need a car to get around SF, and this is quite true. We had a lovely day at Alcatraz would should not be missed, but make sure you book before you leave home. Went for cocktails on top of the American Bank (one of the tallest buildings) see photo attached, so much to do in SF and such little time, oh well we will just have to return and would definitely stay at the Tuscan Inn again!	
Jun 21 2006	Location and cozy! Great	We had never been to San Fran so wanted something within walking distance to all the main waterfront attractions. Our travel agent, Terri, suggested this place and said it had a great location and cozier feel than some other hotels. She was right. It was our honeymoon and they made sure to congratulate us and sent champagne to our room. The room is not the most modern room but there was tons of space especially in the bathroom. Our view was the interior garden but we loved it because it was SO quiet. The front desk helped us with places to get batteries, food and some tours. Also there is a major grocery store right next door for all the little things you need. The complimentary cocktails in the evening were great...I love Italian beer and they don't skimp. It is a good way to relax after the day of sight seeing. My only gripe was the breakfast...or lack there of. Coffee, tea, hot chocolate and biscotti is nice but some fruit and breakfast bars would be a great touch. Other than that...I would stay here again in a second.--Chloe	
Jun 20 2006	Perfect Location	Stayed for 2 nights in May 06. The hotel is in the perfect location for Fishermans Wharf and the best activity in San Francisco BIKE THE BRIDGE. Our room was bright, clean, comfortable and spacious. Not a bad point about it, though we did go uptown for our final night which was a really good idea to save the expense of riding the cable car, and gives you a great chance to see all the other sights on offer.	
Jun 3 2006	Tuscan Inn still a great stay	Although shared by three adults, we found the room at the Tuscan Inn to be adequatly large enough. We did ask for and receive an inner courtyard room, which made for a relaxing view and quiet sleep. Never was disturbed by slamming doors, noise of any kind, and our room was also close to ice machine. Stayed for two nights and really enjoyed the free wine in the evenings and biscotti and coffee and/or wide range of teas in the morning. Close proximity to many attractions, and also transportation to other areas of the city. The hotel's restaurant Pescatoro served an excellent ciopino! Would stay again if ever in SF.	
May 29 2006	Good location	The hotel room was average although the service was good. The location of the hotel is very good. Only a short walk to Fisherman's Wharf where many of the attractions happen. Book a Segway tour, it was great fun and you can walk to where it starts. Go to Alcatraz and hire the audio tour. Again, boat trip starts from the local pier. Pier 39 is also here, with the famous seals.	
May 7 2006	Should have come here in the first place! LOVED IT	After a bad experience at the Sheraton across the street (badly misrepresented on the Sheraton website), we decided to go to the Tuscan Inn where we stayed 2 yrs ago. We should have come back here to begin with and spared ourselves the 4am room changing shenanigans over at the Sheraton. The Tuscan took us in at 10:00 am and let us check in immediately, gave us a courtyard view room (which is always quieter at the Wharf), and gave us a $149 rate (AAA) for a BEAUTIFUL room. We may have had an ADA room because it was pretty big with large bathroom - it was room 459 - and the room had all the amenities we were looking for. Refrigerator, minibar, free wi-fi, iron &amp; board, hairdryer, down comforters (they were HEAVEN) and pillow top beds. It was decorated beautifully in white, black, burgundy, and a touch of teal, with a mirrored wall to give it a more open feel, and wooden louvered shutters. Even the shower pressure was decent. The lobby (which has a fireplace and very comfy furniture) has a wine tasting for free between 5-6pm each night and you meet dozens of really nice people from all over the world. There is internet access near the fireplace area at a nominal charge if you don't have wi-fi. The restaurant, Pescatoro, is excellent. The rooms are spotless and the employees are as nice as you could ever want. Ask to see a few rooms before you check in, because the room size and location can vary between floors and sides. Ours has two double beds. Some of the king beds had very comfortable sofa beds, which we had 2 years ago. All in all, the location was perfect - a short walk to the cable cars or bus lines, a Safeway grocery and Walgreens drugs is across the street in a parking garage-type mall, and there are small places to eat breakfast nearby plus an IHOP a few blocks over. The Wharf is about a block away. Just beware if you get the SuperShuttle to the airport - if you tell Supershuttle you are staying at the Sheraton Fisherman's Wharf it's $23 for 2 people and if you tell them you are at Tuscan Inn, literally across the street, it's $30 for 2 - something about contracts with the hotels - and they pick you up earlier than they say so BE ON TIME wherever you get it. All in all - cold and windy there but we had a great time so it didn't even matter, and the hotel was PERFECT. Oh - and some don't miss tours - Yosemite, and Muir Woods. You will keep the memories for a lifetime.	
May 1 2006	good location but ask for a room away from the road	good location, close to fishermans wharf, pier 39, ghiradaelli square and cable car stops to union square.but, do ask for an internally facing room - ours was overlooking the front of the hotel and incredibly noisy with the traffic	
Apr 14 2006	Highly Recommended (but get an internal facing room)	I will just echo what everyone else has said - this is WAY better than any other Best Western i have stayed in. And the location is perfect for tourists.BUT - the external facing rooms can be noisy from traffic, so make sure you request an internal room, facing the courtyard. We had one night in each!	
Mar 20 2006	Had a wonderful time here!	We (grad student couple) spent the last week at this wonderful hotel. It was located in a great spot - close to the tourist areas and also Muni and cable car transportation to go all over the city. In addition to being next to many shops and stores to pick up whatever you may need. The staff was really great- friendly, knowledgable, etc. and the free coffee/tea and beer/wine daily was very nice and allowed for a cozy feeling among the quests.The room (king bed) and bathroom were perfect in size- just what is needed. We had an interior room, which was nice and quiet. Although there is not much space for clothes/personal items- two drawers and a small closet, it was more than enough for all of our things for the entire week.Overall, we had a great time here, loved everything about the tuscan inn, and would definitely stay here again upon return visits to SF.Although there is no pool or fitness facility at location, as others have mentioned, passes are available at the front desk for $9/day for the 24 hour facility right across the street that has both gym equipment and a pool.Some advice- don't rent a car in SF, you don't need it! Public transportation (you can buy unlimited passes for a varied number of days) is more than enough and can take you everywhere without having to worry about parking (or paying for it). And, it definitely pays for itself with just a few rides of the cable car (which is $5 each way these days).You will love SF and the Tuscan Inn!	
Mar 17 2006	BW Tuscan Inn: The Best in the Wharf!	Introduction:The Tuscan Inn is a Best Western property in the Fisherman’s Wharf area of San Francisco California. They also are related to the Kimpton hotel chain. The hotel has 4 levels with a variety of King, Double, King Suite and Double Suite rooms available. Experience:We had arrived on a late flight and only made it to the hotel at about 10 at night. The single front desk clerk told us they had given away our original room with 2 double beds. Instead they said they would give us a suite with 1 king sized bed and fold out couch. This was not what we wanted but there were no rooms with 2 regular beds and it was late at night. They agreed to change us to the next available room with 2 double beds. Upon returning to the desk in the morning we were given key cards for room 439 with 2 double beds. This was much better as my son said a night on the fold away couch bed was awful. I can understand this as I lay down and could feel the springs of the bed. Although I understand it is first come first serve I think it was wrong to give away a guest’s room especially if they have notified you of their late check-in. Room:I will not go into details about the first room we had (King Suite) as I did not pay much attention other than where the washroom, bed and TV were as it was late at night when we checked in and all we wanted to do was relax and go to sleep. Our actual room featured 2 double sized beds with TV, honor bar (we liked the extra room left to store our own store bought products), a work desk, chair, coffee maker and . The room itself, although “smaller” was not cramped but not nearly average hotel room sized. The washroom was not overly large but big enough to comfortable move around in the morning. There was also a small closet in the room. Our room had a court-yard view which means it faced in the inside of hotel. This was good because it was quiet. Do not worry about the view from you room as the best views are in Fisherman’s Wharf in one of the restaurants. I’ll write more on that later. The room is not (or at least should not) be very important to the tourist traveler in San Francisco’s Fisherman’s Wharf. The area is full of exciting things to do and places to eat. If I exclude time spent sleeping I think I only spent 3-4 hours total time in the room during the week I was in the area. The only weak point of the room was that there was very little storage space for clothing and person articles. Services/Amenities:In accordance with the Tuscan Inn’s Italian style/theme a coffee/tea/biscotti service was open from 6am till 9am in the mornings. In the evenings from 5pm till 6pm a wine, beer and sparkling water service was available. Guests have the opportunity to sample local Californian wines as well as Italian beer and water. The hotel does not feature any sort of pool or exercise facility which would have been convenient to have but not necessary but definitely good to have. The hotel offers free wifi (wireless high speed internet) to all guests who have a laptop. The signal was accessible throughout the hotel. This is a definite plus for any traveler with a laptop. I used it to keep in touch with people back home, find stores in SF as well as look up reviews and recommendations on area restaurants. Parking at the hotel was a hefty $32 per day with unlimited in and out privileges. We never called down in advance and once we informed the valet from the lobby our car was retrieved within 5 minutes. Very good!Final Word:The Tuscan Inn by Best Western is an excellent choice for tourists who want easy (and I mean really easy) access to the Fisherman’s Wharf area as well as business travelers doing to the financial district (there are 3 daily shuttles). The hotel is located near many restaurants in the Wharf area as well as an onsite restaurant called Café Pascatore serving tasty Italian food. For breakfast I recommend walking the 2-3 blocks to the IHOP near the Radisson on the Wharf. Overall:Front Desk Staff: 10/10Rooms: 8/10Location 11/10Amenities: 7/10 (lack of pool or fitness room)Value: 10/10	
Mar 14 2006	You will not find better accomodations in San Francisco!	We have just returned from 5 days at the Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf. What a great place for a San Francisco vacation. Everything is within walking distance or via the antique trollycar. The staff at this hotel is superb, from the front desk staff to the housekeepers. Everyone wants you to enjoy their city and they go out of their way to make sure you are content. Free coffee in the morning, free beer and wine in the afternoon, what more could you ask for? Great clean rooms with a fantastic shower!	
Mar 10 2006	Fantastic Value in the middle of Fisherman's wharf	A perfect spot in the middle of the wharf. A great price for a very nice comfortable room. We upgraded to a suite but didn't spend much time in the room with so much to see.Mark was very helpful and accomodating at the front desk and was actually quite funny,you can tell he really enjoys what he does!Walk 2 blocks to alcatraz tour dock, 2 blocks to IHOP, 3 blocks to cable cars.We will absolutely come back to the Tuscan Inn on our next trip to San Francisco!	
Mar 6 2006	highly recommended	I can thoroughly recommend this hotel as excellent value for money. It is clean, decorated in boutique style, very relaxing, and has helpful staff. I followed the suggested of someone else who reported on this page and asked for a room on the inside courtyard, which was fine in terms of peace and quiet. It is very conveniently located for the Fisherman’s Wharf area. There is a pc carrel in the lobby and email can be accessed subject to a charge. The only possible complaint was that the sink in the bathroom had a crack in it, but it did not bother me enough to ask for a different room. All in all, however, an excellent choice, and I would stay there again. Also a ride to the airport could be arranged from the hotel, in a local transporter bus, for 15 dollars.	
Mar 3 2006	Great Hotel	I loved my 2 night stay at the Tuscan Inn. The hotel is in the Fisherman's Wharf area. We stayed in room #438 which had two double beds. There are a number of similar bedrooms on the 4th (which is the top) floor, some with more sun (so ask for a sunny room if that is important to you). The room had two doubles and great decor (wine/black/white). The hotel is clean and comfortalbe with a knowledgeable and helpful staff. It is a safe and an easy walk to North Beach (the Italian area). A nearby restaurant, Fior d'Italia, was as great as it's reviews!The hotel is accessible to all the Fisherman's Wharf activities. A cable car or bus ride takes you into town a few miles away.The lobby is decorative and a nice place to sit in. The complementary wine and nibblies from 5 - 6pm is a real treat.	
Mar 1 2006	Tuscan Inn Lives Up to Reputation	If you were lucky enough to be in San Francisco from Wednesday, February 22nd through Friday, February 24th then you know the weather was awesome. But, what was just as good was to come back to the Tuscan Inn each day. The Best Western Tuscan Inn continues to review well on Tripadvisor because it continues to live up to its reputation in both price and value. This is not budget hoteling, but its not the Hyatt either. I continue to find BW's in unique places with good property locations. We stayed in the 330's on the Mason street side as opposed to the busier North Point side. We even had a veiw from our window of Coit Tower. Traffic noise was minimal, too, and surprisingly calm at night. Watch out, though, for the windows extending out especially with little kids in the room. Rooms are a bit tight especially if you get the two doubles. Decor looks nice (trying for the Tuscany feel) and let's just say the beds were soft, cozy, but firm so no issues with sleeping. Surprisingly quiet at night, too. Bathrooms, though, are plenty big. No room for rollaway so Grandma got her own room, but she did baby sit one night. Also, we got connecting rooms, but check first because there are only so many available. Nice to have when travelling with other relatives with kids. Yes, happy wine tasting hour is a bit crowded, but fun and a great way to get in the mood for nice night out on the town not to mention getting some ideas from other travellers. Besides wine, the hostess (I think she was the night manager) served Peroni beer which was unexpected and refreshing. In the mornings, of course, the coffee (very good) and biscoti's are available down in the lobby same as happy hour. Can't beat location, Mason and North Point. Minutes away from Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, etc. No. 9 Fisherman's Grotto is classic for dinner and cannot beat the view. We also did the Beach Chalet at teh end of Golden Gate Park one night with surfers and Sunset views to die for. Upon arriving into SF via 2 autos, it took us less than 10 minutes to get to the hotel from the Bay Bridge exit and onto Embarcadero until we came to North Point. You can walk to the Buena Vista (best breakfast and Irish Coffee), North Beach (Vesuvio's a must) and even Lombard street, but at night take cabs for sure. Despite not having a pool, the kids loved the Tuscan Inn, too. Lot's of great comfy space in the lobby. The Concierge at the Tuscan was excellent considering he was constantly busy. Front desk staff were always pleasant. Maid service was prompt, too. When we arrived we simply pulled up to the hotel and had the bellman help us. Parking is an issue in SF so either pay the $30.00 plus a day to park at the Tuscan or find something cheaper in the city. With MUNI (1.50 for adults, .50 kids and seniors) and cable cars ($5.00 one way or 10.00 all day anytime) you don't really need autos do you? Again, the Tuscan Inn lived up to its reputation.	
Feb 14 2006	Tuscan Inn Best of Class	Upon arrival, I was given the goings-on and was politely welcomed by all staff. The Queen room was big enough for two people barely exceeding 5 feet 3 inches. The front desk staff is AWESOME (ABDON - Thanks again for your help)! The location is mere walking distance to the wharf, cable car, and so much more. They have over exceeded my expectations and would love to come back to this hotel whenever I come back to San Fran.	
Jan 29 2006	Nice hotel would stay again	The Tuscan Inn is in a great location, 2 blocks from the wharf, a block from the cable car, a block from the F-Line, opposite a Safeway, and next door to a nice Italian restaurant.The rooms are pretty standard size, were nice and clean, and comfortable. Free coffee in the lobby in the mornings is nice. Staff are helpful. No complaints.Instead of getting a city pass, or one of the others that are heavily advertised, we just got a 3 day muni pass, which gives you all the transport options (same as the other passes), but doesn't include the museums or art galleries that we'd never go to.	
Jan 19 2006	Charming hotel but some problems	Our family of five stayed in two rooms at the Tuscan Inn for two nights during the first week in January. It was our first visit to the inn, although not to San Francisco, and for the most part the experience was enjoyable. The hotel is conveniently located for tourists, being close to waterfront attractions and also to bus and cable car stops. It seems to be an older hotel, with the resulting small rooms, but is very attractive. The staff was friendly, pleasant, and helpful, and a houseman went out of his way to dry my son's sneakers (which had encountered a stray wave at the beach near Golden Gate Park). The hotel has a large, inviting lobby with a fireplace, and there is a delightful wine and nibbles manager's reception held there each evening. The restaurant looked interesting, but we chose to go elsewhere to eat so have no comment about it. There is an IHOP conveniently located nearby for breakfasts.Unfortunately, there were a few things about the hotel which were rather irritating. Although the rooms were clean and fresh, one of ours had several small problems - the phone didn't work, the bathroom door handle was quite loose, and the thermostat didn't work properly. When I contacted the front desk they arranged for a maintenance person to come when we were out and the little things were fixed, but the temperature wouldn't go below 74 degrees during our entire stay, which made for very uncomfortable sleeping. In addition, the valet parking is apparently handled by an outside contractor, and turned out to be considerably more expensive than we had been told - $35/day - which seemed very high. However, overall I consider the Tuscan Inn to have been an enjoyable place to stay, and would recommend it to other tourists, especially those looking for a place that is warm and cosy!	
Jan 17 2006	OK but not really a Kimpton Hotel	This is not a bad hotel. The rooms are a bit small, but not unusual for San Francisco. The location is quite good:close to excellent restaurants and the waterfront for walking. Not far from shopping. But... the service is poor, and for those used to staying in Kimpton hotels... this Kimpton is a real surprise. The staff attitude ranges from perfunctory to rude.( Example: a staff member named Mark actually snapped at me at the wine tasting when I tried to find out what kind of wine was being offered. Problem was I don't just order by color.)There is simply not the service-oriented feeling one is used to in this hotel group. If you want the attentive, upscale experience of the Kimpton group, try the Argonaut. We went there to make reservations for dinner and walking through the lobby were greeted by the doorman and two people at the front desk. Yes, those &quot;little touches&quot; do make a difference and they are worth paying for. We've learned our lesson.	
Jan 17 2006	Had a Geat Time!	Being from the Sacramento area we've visited and stayed at San Francisco hotels for over 20 years. This was our first stay at this hotel and it was an enjoyable experience. It has everthing you need to have a great time in a great city- location, good service, great food (the adjoining Cafe Pescadero), comfortable rooms and a complimentary happy hour. Nuff said.	
Jan 3 2006	Loved SFO and The Tuscan Inn	My husband and i travelled to SFO celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary. We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for 2 nights whilst in SFO. The check in was easy, the staff friendly and helpful. The rooms were quite small but well set out and our room looked into the courtyard. There was no noise at all. Fantastic spot. Cafe Pescatore attached to the Tuscan Inn was beautiful, lovely food and good prices. Close to Pier 39, Alcatraz and walk to the cable cars. We did all the tourist things. Loved the shopping in Union Square. Had dinner at The Seafood Market on Fishermans Wharf Pier 39, would recommend the scampi trio &amp; the calamari. We had a wonderful time at the Tuscan Inn and SFO and would return there tomorrow if we could! Enjoy....	
Jan 2 2006	Don't see what the fuss is about	After reading so many positive reviews about this hotel, I booked it for my stay over the New Year. Once I arrived I was very disappointed. I'd been placed in a 'smoking allowed' room, despite requesting a non-smoking room. Asking for a room change straight away, I was refused, and was told that these requests can only be made by booking direct through Best Western's website. Therefore, I spent 4 nights in a constant tobacco smelling room &amp; told to 'open windows'! (December in SF?!)Views? Well no, on this one too. I was facing a brick wall, with a plant pot as 'greenery'On the positive side, the bed was extremely comfortable. Location is also great, with a couple of supermarkets within a block from the hotel.	
Dec 21 2005	Loved SF 	My wife and I stayed with two of our U.S. friends for 4 nights in early December 2005. From the time we arrived we were made to feel most welcome by all staff. Our room was very cosy and comfortable. As previous reports suggest the rooms are a bit smaller than some other hotels we have stayed at but we were only there to sleep. The bed was great and our room looked out over the courtyard. No traffic noise, whatsoever. The only problem we encountered was a blocked toilet which was fixed immediately.The Pescatore Restaurant, downstairs, was terrific. Very friendly staff serving great breakfasts and evening meals (bring your appetite). The prices were reasonable, compared to Australian standards.The location is perfect. We saw Fisherman's Wharf (great shopping and, no, it is not a rip-off), Pier 39, Alcatraz, Top of the Mark, cable car ride, downtown SF, etc. A lot in 4 days but all fantastic. Go to Bubba Gump Restaurant on Pier 39 for great seafood and atmosphere.Most of these places are a short stroll and walking back to the hotel at night was no problem at all.We loved SF and, particularly, the Tuscan Inn. We recommend it and, if we return to SF, that is where we will stay.Please send us an email if you want more details or some ideas on what to see and do.	
Dec 8 2005	They Know How To Treat You...!	A couple of high school teachers sneaking away to our favorite vacation city, my wife and I darted off to the Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf in mid-November for our second visit (having stayed there at Christmas last year). The place was its usual wonderful self, although we did have one small complaint. While we were told this was temporarily specific to our room only, we still decided to write a letter when we got home. Within a week, we had a very gracious reply from Assistant General Manager Sean Haughey. He informed us the hotel engineers were investigating the issue with our room, but in the meantime, he wanted us to know a one-night complimentary stay certificate was in the mail to us. Guess who can hardly wait to get back to those wonderful folks who certainly know how to pamper you... at the Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf?	
Dec 1 2005	Great home base!	My wife and I stayed at the Tuscan for the last 4 nights of our honeymoon after 3 weeks in Hawaii. We couldn't have picked a better place! The rooms, although a little on the cramped side, were tastefully furnished and immaculate. Our room (456), faced the courtyard which we knew enough to request in advance of our trip due to the street noise problem. We did not experience the noise problems that the other posters experinced and always had a great night's sleep in the comfortable beds. The hotel itself is conveniently located within walking distance of trolley and cable car routes as well as all the attractions on the wharf. Because of the exhorbitant $29 valet parking fee, we only rented a car for Sonoma and Napa for one day. Having purchased a City Pass for $42 each (which includes a week of unlimited mass transit, admission to Alcatraz as well as admission to sevral other museums in the city)we became well versed in getting around the town without a car. Back to the hotel...we loved the wine and beer reception between 5 and 6 every night as well as the coffee and biscotti in the morning. These receptions gave us a chance to pick the brains of the concierge and manager who made some excellent wine tasting recommendations (Artesa, Nicholson Ranch and Kunde Estates were great). Don't forget to tip them for their expertise. For excellent and reasonably priced seafood close to home, go to Scomas (expect at least a half hour wait as they don't take reservations). Also, treat yourself to clam chowder and cioppino in sourdough bread. Frisco beats every city in the world in the street food department (including NYC), so take advantage while you're there.Overall, TI is a winner!	
Nov 28 2005	Good hotel great location friendly staff...where's the BUT?	I agree with most that has been said about this hotel. It represents value for money, the rooms and bathrooms were impeccably clean, fresh linen daily, and the staff extremely helpful and friendly. Location cannot be faulted. Far enough from the glare of the wharf yet within easy walking distance and close to North Beach (for excellent Italian coffee houses and restaurants) and Chinatown. So where's the BUT? The rooms are noisy. The hotel itself is not affected by street-noise - it's fairly light and subsides by evening. The rooms are equipped with minibars and air-con. And here's the problem. I read other reviews about noisy air-con and thought &quot;fool...switch it off&quot;. Well, even in the &quot;off&quot; position, the air-con emits an sporadic, intermittent hum and vibration, which, combined with the fridge resetting itself during the night conspire to deprive you of sleep. Earplugs didn't work. I asked to be moved after the first night, thinking this was unique to the particular room we had been assigned on arrival (454 - which faced a wall, by the way.) Staff were more than helpful and accommodating and we were were moved (to 403) overlooking the street. Same problem. Personally, I can live with street noise though I must say levels were not at all high, but the constant background electronic noise ruined a few nights' sleep. Until I discovered Napa Valley chardonnay. I'd recommend the hotel, but if you have noise sensitivity, look elsewhere. I had a great vacation. The room noise is the only think that would prevent me from returning to the Tuscan Inn. Otherwise, 10/10. We checked out the adjacent Holiday Inn Express - rooms of equivalent price and size but no mini-bar and, though air-conditioned, no persistent drone when in the &quot;off&quot; position - though request a room at the front - a streetcar line runs at the back and those drivers love to ring the bell!	
Nov 25 2005 	We stayed longer than planned!!	My husband and I went to a convention in town and only planned to stay at the hotel and in that area of San Francisco for 4 days. (even though our flight was for a week stay) We ended up extending our entire stay with the Tuscan. We loved the ease of running in and out of our room for pit stops. We joked about the rooms being sound proof since we never heard other guests and we slept great. We asked the staff to empty the refrigerator and snack bar so we could stock our own items, they did it easily and quickly. We ate breakfast nearly every morning at the attached restaurant. They have fantastic omelets, fresh fruit, real home fries etc...we didn't have a chance to try lunch or dinner there. We would love to go back to San Francisco and we would definitely stay at Best Western Tuscan again. We used public transportation for the first 4 days and rented a car for the last 3 days (we wanted to explore the outskirts of the city) Budget rental didn't have a fee for dropping the car off at the airport like some of the other companies (plus the car was nice/new). On bad notes of our vacation: we rented a 3 wheel go cart that made so much noise and the exhaust smell almost made us sick. 2nd bad note was we felt that the hotel was not helpful/knowledgeable in recommending restaurants. Make sure to have dinner from a city view restaurant at night (window view of course).	
Nov 24 2005	Location Location	This was my first visit to San Francisco and my husbands 2nd. We were recommended this Hotel by the Travel Company Trailfinders. We found the location for few days/stopover to be perfect for the top sightseeing musts. There were plenty of restaurants/shops/bars in the vicinity and close by to tram/bus stops for adventures further into San Fran. Slight confusement upon check in as we couldn't find our Hotel Voucher (Our fault, tired from the long flight!!!), but found it as soon as we got to our room which was a standard room (small by American standards) which overlooked the inner courtyard. We were on our first leg of our Honeymoon and even though Trailfinders requested 'Honeymoon' nothing happened. Oh well, would have been nice....Room was adequate but may be a little crtamped for more than a few days.Found the staff friendly like the other reviews.All in all a nice little hotel in a good location in Fishermans Wharf.	
Nov 14 2005	Great Hotel in a Great Location	I chose to stay at the Tuscan Inn on my first visit to San Francisco, having researched the area using Tripadvisor, with a view to finding a good comfortable hotel at a good price. I was not disappointed.I visited with my friend. When we arrived at the hotel we had a warm greeting from the Desk Clerk, Mark, who gave us advice about getting the best from the area. He also suggested that we could have the mini-bar in the room cleared in order to store our own drinks and snacks (the hotel does not have a dining room, although there is an Italian restaurant where breakfasr and dinner can be obtained). I was very impressed with this and as there is a Safeway and a Trader Joe's nearby, this was very useful. The room was lovely, large by english standards, with two double beds, and supplied with an iron and an ironing board which were needed after all that flying!The room was stylish and clean. The bed linen was changed every day if you wanted, although there was the option of helping the environment by turning this down. There were plenty of thick towels in the bathroom, and all the usual toiletries, hair-dryer, etc. The free wine in the lounge each evening was very nice, and given with good grace - even the fourth glass! Coffee and hot chocolate were also available free from 6am each morning, although there was also a coffee maker in the room. The location of the hotel is excellent - only a few minutes walk from the cable car terminal and adjoined by a large Barnes and Noble bookstore with Starbucks for whiling away any spare moments! It is also only 5 minutes walk from Pier 39 and all the amenities there - lots of shops and restaurants. I found the staff to be helpful when required but unobtrusive otherwise. The only criticism I have is that there was no safe in the room, although safety deposit boxes were available free of charge in reception. I would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting a comfortable quiet stay in the city. If anyone has any questions please send me an e-mail, I'll try to help.	
Nov 12 2005	A Good Place For San Francisco Newbies	Just back from four pleasant nights at the Tuscan Inn. Some folks might be put off by this hotel's Best Western affiliation. Don't be. This is a real hotel, not some plastic motel at an interstate exit. I'd recommend this property, especially to first-time San Francisco visitors. It's modern, clean, efficient, comfortable, and professionally run with courteous staff. On your second visit you might opt to stay a greater distance away from the tourist schlock of Fisherman's Wharf. (The hotel is about 2 blocks south of all the buzz on the Wharf, so don't worry about hordes of tourists lurking about.) Or, like me, if you've been to the city several times, you might choose to stay here because it is so close to transportation: A bus stop is right across the street; one cable car turnaround is literally around the corner and another is a few blocks away, and the Pier 41 ferries are a 5-minute walk away, as is a streetcar line. (You know all those warnings not to drive in SF? Pay attention! Don't Drive. You'll be having fun while some other poor sod is looking for a parking space that isn't there.)Although I didn't notice much of an authentic Tuscan note, my queen bed room was Europeanly small. Not cramped or inaccessible, just compact. (I had a glimpse at a king room, which was larger. More later.) The bed was comfortable, the closet and storage space was sufficient for one or two people traveling light, and the bath was not cramped. If there are two of you and several bags, plan on stacking most of the bags in a corner of the room.The room had a few annoying decorative items -- like a four-foot long round pillow carefully placed at the same location on the bed by the maid every day -- that seemed spawned by a marketing maven. Apparently, all the rooms are similarly afflicted. Oh yeah, if you don't like mirrors, go elsewhere. One entire wall is covered with mirrors.The restaurant on the premises is the Cafe Pescatore. Breakfast there was fine, but I ate elsewhere for lunch and dinner. The cafe is comfortable and service was attentive and polite. Plan on spending $15-$20 on breakfast.Room service at the hotel is limited: Breakfast items from the Cafe and lunch or dinner from a neighboring pizza joint, But, hey, this is San Francisco. Why are you eating in your room?The hotel provides complementary coffee and biscotti in the morning and hosts a winetasting in the late afternoon, If you forget something, a Walgreen's, a Safeway and a Trader Joe's are each about a block away. A large Barnes and Noble bookstore is even closer, if you're in need of caffeine and a book to read on the flight home. The rest of the immediate neighborhood seemed safe and nondescript, and largely free of the homeless and the street people that are in evidence elsewhere in this costly city.Other's have urged requesting an interior room overlooking the courtyard. They're right. Streets in the neighborhood carry a lot of traffic, and rooms on the streetside might be too noisy for your tastes. (This isn't unique. Traffic is heavy almost everywhere in SF.) I'd booked an interior courtyard room with a king bed, calling the day before I arrived to reiterate the request. However, I was given a streetside room and I could hear the noise before I unlocked the door. After complaining back at the desk, I was switched to a quiet queen room overlooking the courtyard.	
Nov 7 2005	Charming warm convienient!	My husband and I stayed at the Tuscan in for three nights in November. It was our first trip to San Fransisco, and we couldn't have chosen a better spot for a getaway or for an introduction to the city. Right on the wharf and next to the trolley line, the hotel is quiet. The rooms are small but very clean, charmingly decorated with a view of the little flowered courtyard, comfy beds, plenty of pillows &amp; towels and smiling service. Our favorite part of the stay were the fireside evenings with complementary wine &amp; beer for hotel guests, where we met many friendly people from around the world. The whole atmosphere at the Tuscan is warm and comfortable. Morning coffee &amp; biscotti was nice too. Unless you need to spend a lot of money or crave a swanky name, this is the best...an unpretentious little jewel!	
Oct 29 2005	Not quite the best value	I visit San Francisco about twice a year. I try to get the best value for my stay and will always be willing to pay a bit more if I think it's worth it. Unfortunately this establishment falls a bit short. I really didn't get a chance to experience the staff's level of service but the rooms are small as is the bathroom. The room was clean and quiet. However, for the prices that this establishment charges, there are far better values like the Argonaut or right across the street, the Holiday Inn Express. One other thing, I took my family to the eating establishment connected to this hotel and the service there was TERRIBLE!	
Oct 25 2005 	Nice but not for business travelers	Ours was a mixed experience at the Tuscan Inn, but overall positive. My husband was in San Francisco to attend a conference and we chose to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area for the sightseeing opportunities there. We specifically selected the Tuscan Inn because they advertised a complimentary limo shuttle 3 times a day to the financial district where his conference was being held. Upon check-in on Saturday, we asked the desk clerk about the shuttle and she told us to speak to the concierge. The concierge, in turn, told us to see the bellman, who said the shuttle did not run on weekends and he knew nothing about how to arrange the service. On Sunday, we spoke to a manager who seemed confused about what we were talking about, then referred us to the same bellman we had spoken with on Saturday. Monday morning we approached a different bellman, who informed us reservations for the &quot;towncar&quot; must be made the day before. Sooooo, we reserved a car for Tues. morning and hubby trekked off to catch a streetcar. Tues. morning our 8:45 shuttle showed up at 9, and was a Ford Excursion- nice, but not a limo.Hubby was 15 minutes late for his conference, and no one bothered to apologize. We gave up and took the streetcar from that point on. Our stay otherwise was comfortable and uneventful. Our room was available for early check-in, and was facing the courtyard as we had requested. Though small, our room was very clean and cozy. The mattress was quite comfy, and we were never disturbed by noisy neighbors. The Cafe Pescadore was great. We ate there several times and never had a bad meal or poor service. The manager's reception was a nice touch at the end of a long day. Staff was neither especially helpful or unhelpful. Other than our disappointing experience with the limo shuttle, we enjoyed our stay and would recommend the Tuscan Inn to travelers interested in sightseeing. Businessmen would be better off to stay closer to the financial district and avoid the long commute.	
Oct 20 2005	The place to stay when in San Francisco!	My husband and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn for two nights last week -- our second visit to the hotel. We arrived early and were pleasantly surprised that our room was ready: a king on the second floor -- clean, quiet, and nicely appointed.Upon checking out early Saturday morning (around 6:30 am), we discovered that the parking garage next door (where we left our rental car) would not be open until 7 - 7:30 -- too late to make our flight back to Hawaii. Quinn, the night auditor, came to our rescue. He volunteered to have someone get our car out of the garage and return it to the Hertz office a block or two from the hotel. While we were making these arrangements, the valet secured a shuttle service to get us to the airport on time.On our return home, there was a follow-up message from Sean, the assistant general manager, telling us that indeed the return had been made.Our stay at the Tuscan Inn was wonderful in every way, but for Quinn, the valets, and Sean to go the extra mile so we could make our flight was extraordinary! You can be sure that whenever we visit San Francisco we (and our rental car) will be staying at the Tuscan Inn!	
Oct 8 2005	Good but small room	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn as part of a vacation to the SF area. The main reason we chose this hotel was because of a referral from a friend and also the reviews found on TripAdvisor. It was an above average hotel, but I have to mark it down due to the size of the room. We had a king room and it was tiny! There was barely enough room to walk around the bed. The bathroom was also small; it was difficult to close the door once inside to avoid the door hitting you (no joke!). Other than the small room, the location was great and very close to all the attractions of Fisherman's Wharf. I thought the $29 per day parking was ridiculous, but I hear that's the standard in SF. We experienced no noise problems while staying here, but we had an inside courtyard room. The staff was not overly friendly nor helpful. The concierge, Daniel, was also not that much of a help. If you were simply asking for directions, suggestions, or general information, he acted a bit snooty. However, I witnessed other guests buying tour tickets through him, and he was much nicer. We were only around for the wine reception for one night, and it was much too crowded. It's a nice touch, but the lobby is not big enough to host such an event. All in all, we would stay again at the Tuscan Inn for the right price.	
Oct 5 2005	Great Location!	For those who've never been to San Francisco, The Tuscan Inn (near Fisherman's Wharf) is the perfect &quot;first&quot;. We were near all the transportation modes (and there are plenty), shopping, entertainment, and restaurants. Our room was large and comfortable, and the staff was top-notch (especially Elmer). If you have a question, they have the answer or will get it for you. We were very pleased with The Tuscan Inn.	
Oct 2 2005	Perfect Location Priced A Little High	We stayed at this hotel on a trip to San Francisco Sept. 22 - 24. The location is terrific - two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. We stayed there with another couple in 2 rooms.Upon arriving, there was a very long and confusing to do with the valet parking - we hadn't gotten our luggage out of th car and the valet wanted the keys. We were told to take our luggage out and wait for the concierge, who never showed up. There were about five other cars in the area - we were told if we needed the car, the valet would get when we needed it. There was a fee of $29 per day for the parking. We parked the car and never needed to take it out until we left. We checked in during the daily &quot;wine tasting&quot; the hotel provided. That left the small lobby loaded with people blocking the desk and walkways. The wine tasting is a great idea but the lobby is so small that the crowds block access. I was totally amazed that the other guests didn't budge out of the way so we could get to our rooms. Check in was quick. Our rooms were very small but beautifully decorated. We had no view - all we saw out the window was the back of another wing of the hotel. There was a mini-bar but it was locked and we did not have the key. There was a small refrigerator in the room. The furnishings were lovely. Some rooms had the bathroom sink outside the bathroom, which we would have preferred, but our sink was inside the bathroom. The bathroom was clean and bright and the toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, creams) were so good that we took the leftovers home because there was a website selling the shampoo listed on the bottle.The beds were comfortable, the shower was hot, the towels luxurious. There was an ice machine on our floor but the soda machine was out of order. There was a 7-11 convenience type store down the street so we simply got soda there while we were out. Our air conditioner was terribly loud our first night there. The second day we stopped at the desk and spoke to the friendly clerk who had it fixed for us when we came back that night.There is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the hotel that we had a deceont dinner at, but there are so many restaurants on the Wharf we preferred to eat there. We found an IHOP around the corner for breakfast.It is a 2 block walk to the wharf and the location is very convenient. We also were within walking distance of the cable cars and even walked up to Lombard Street.We paid $169 per night. While the rooms were lovely for that price they were extremely small, but the location was just perfect.I'd recommend this hotel to others, but now that I have seen the area, might stay elsewhere if I could find a better price.	
Sep 28 2005 	Definitely will stay again!	This was my 4th trip to San Francisco, all staying at the Tuscan Inn. Please note, I only come to S.F. once a year, yet when I walked in the door, the front desk person recognized me and greeted me by name before I could identify myself. Wow! This hotel will give you the same room on every visit, but for this trip I requested a different room (heavy briefcase). No problem! Room was just around the corner from the elevator. The room was clean, a little small, but very cozy and comfortable. Since I was with a business group, we had advance reservations for the restaurant/bistro. Found the food there to be quite nice, and our service was always prompt and efficient. In fact, 2 of us have food allergies, and they bent over backwards to accomodate, changing recipes for us as needed.My only complaint for this hotel... sometimes the concierge is hard to find. The concierge goes off-duty at 4 or 5 p.m... too bad my meetings never end til after 5. HOWEVER, the front desk staff is always more than willing to jump in with helpful advice and recommendations. I've tried 4 or 5 of the local recommended restaurants, and the staff definitely knows what the area has to offer. Location is fantastic -- 2-1/2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, 4 blocks to Pier 39, 1-1/2 blocks to the trolley. Price is nice. To summarize, I've ALWAYS had a pleasant experience at the Tuscan, and will definitely return again and again.	
Sep 23 2005	Loved Staying At The Tuscan	We stayed at the tuscan for 7 days and truly enjoyed ourselves. The front desk was very helpful as was the rest of the staff. The rooms were very nice, could of use just a little more shelf space by the bathroom sink. Loved the beds, very very comfortable. The location was perfect, we could go anywhere and still feel close. I would go back without a doubt. Thank you for making our stay very comfortable.	
Sep 20 2005	Overall - very good indeed	We arrived after a long Transatlantic at wine hour and got a good feel about the place very quickly. The reception staff were struggling a bit and our check in was done wrong (only came to like when we tried to charge a meal to the room in Il Pescatore - lucky it did as someone else could have been given a key to our room) Next day, our room keys stoped working even though we were there for 2 days - again a check in error. Had it not been for these two issues I would have given this hotel an excellent rating. The staff were very pleasant, the concierge Daniel made excellent reservations for us and the bed was extremely comfortable. I would recommend an inside courtyard room as we had - so quiet - OK no view but who cares. It was nice to have a personal feel in this hotel rather than a chain activity	
Sep 20 2005	The Tuscan did it again !!! A++++	We visited the Tuscan Inn this past weekend (Sept. 15-18) and had a fabulous time. I believe that this was our 4th trip back to the Tuscan Inn and I must say it is always a pleasure! It is in a great location, the staff is always alert and courteous, the rooms are clean, the morning coffee and biscotti are a nice touch, the happy hour is a PLUS, and the price is right !!!! We have recommended this hotel to others and will continue to do the same …..The Staff gets an A+ -- The valet knew our names by the time we took our car out of the garage the first evening we were there … our remote needed a new battery Tony was there in minutes .. our room was equipped with a new thermostat … the engineer was there within minutes of our phone call to inform us of the change. It was a very pleasant experience …. Thank you !side note .... It's amazing to hear all the TA folks out there sharing stories ... what a great way to gain infomation !!!!!! thanks for a great site !	
Sep 19 2005	skip this dump	I planned a weekend getaway and thought because of the location and Hotel chain we would receive good service. Wrong. First the front desk snob was a rude welcome to SF. Valet parking attendant was no better. Waited 10 minutes for him to finish talking with 5 friends/relatives? before he could assist us. The morning front desk clerk was even worse than the nights. The hotel itself was a little tired looking and in need of remodel. I could excuse this if staff was friendly but I left there dissapointed. Didnt complain about treatment but thought I could share my experience here with you and definitely not ever return to this dump.	
Sep 19 2005	Try elsewhere	All the negatives are true. Something good to say.... I liked the blinds and they helped block out the noise from our &quot;quiet courtyard&quot; room overlooking the noisy street. The valets/bellhops were excellent. If you get a cheap rate here, have low expectations and are sound sleepers, then this is good for location to Fisherman's Wharf attractions. The room was clean enough. Our reservations were completely wrong and staff were clueless, so I thought, until further inquiries proved that they were lying through their teeth. One morning I overheard people booking in experiencing similar difficluties and a staff member trying to be helpful, I offered some assistance and we were told by him that since Best Western shifted its booking facility offshore there's nothing that Tuscan Inn staff can do to help guests.	
Sep 14 2005	Great location	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn last weekend, and found it perfect for our needs. We were able to walk lots of great places, we did not take the cable car because the lines were so long, but it was easy to get to. It was very easy to find a cab when we needed one. The staff was very friendly, we had no issues at all with the front desk. The mini bar fridge was set too low - a bottle of beer actually exploded, and although we called housekeeping for some new towels no one ever arrived. I happened to go up to our room when the housekeeping staff was out in force - every single woman I passed said hello to me! I usually have trouble sleeping in hotels, but I was able to open the window (I need that street noise that others complain about!) and get some fresh air, and the bed was very comfy.	
Sep 6 2005	Good location - and that's it	A complete disappointment - from losing the reservation made through Best Western toll-free number (&quot;our computer crashed when receiving reservations from BW&quot; - lame) to charging our credit card for someone elses stay 3 WEEKS AFTER WE LEFT! There appears to be no management actively involved with running this dump, cause when we asked to speak with one the front desk staff got very nervous and suddenly worked hard to find our lost reservation. Dont let the &quot;free&quot; wine and biscotti fool you. There is a Holiday Inn Express exactly one block away.	
Sep 2 2005	Great Hotel !!	We recently spent 3 nights at the Tuscan. Nice, medium sized hotel in a good location. Walking distance to all Fishermans's Wharf attractions, cable cars, etc. Very good Italian resturant attached (forgot the name). Wine tastings each afteroon. The staff is friendly and helpful. The room is medium size, clean and comfortable. I SUGGEST YOU REQUEST A COURTYARD ROOM TO AVOID THE STREET NOISE. This IS a city!	
Aug 29 2005	Great location	This hotel is in a great location in terms of a walking distance to key Fisherman's Wharf attractions. From the Wharf area you can catch a trolley car or sightseeing bus to other parts of the City.Overall the hotel is great for the value. The lobby is large with a warm atmosphere and helpful concierge desk. The room we had was well furnished and clean, but it was small with no view; however, we were not paying a top rack rate and had no plans to spend much time in the room anyway.	
Aug 20 2005	Excellent location	The location is excellent right in the centre of fishermans wharf, a few minutes walk to all the major attractions and cable car. The rooms are comfortable, clean and nicely furnished. The bathroom was clean but a little dated. The staff at check-in were nice enough, but unfortunately the concierge was not very helpful, giving us wrong information about our car hire location causing us to get 2 cab rides instead of one. Not good with heavy luggage! We did not sample the evening wine reception, as it's a bit early if you are out sightseeing. The tea, coffee and biscotti in the morning however, was a nice touch. Good value hotel for the location.	
Aug 17 2005	a wonderful hotel	I cannot praise this hotel highly enough. We chose the hotel because of the reviews on this site and we weren't disappointed. The location of the hotel was fantastic it takes a couple of minutes to walk to pier 39 and is right next to the tram stop to take you into the main shopping areas. I really don't know where the &quot;ghetto&quot; was as mentioned in another review because I always felt perfectly safe. I think that SF has a problem with vagrants in general and they were not especially prevelant around the hotel. The reason that I liked this hotel so much was that it felt cosy and welcoming, the lobby had a log fire going constantly and all the staff were very friendly and helpful. The free beer, wine etc and snacks on an afternoon was a lovely touch and helped you swap tips and chat to other guests. The rooms were very nice - it wasn't the usual beige hotel room which made a nice change. The only thing wrong with the room was the bathroom, it was not up to the standard of the rest of the decor but it was clean and large enough. The restaurant that adjoins the hotel was excellent - the prices were reasonable and the food was very good.Just one tip... regardless of the hotel you stay in I would thoroughly recommend the bike hire that allows you to bike over the golden gate bridge. We spent a glorious morning exploring the bay area on our own and the bike paths made it very safe and easy to do.	
Aug 16 2005	Perfect place	On the 30th anniversary of our marriage my wife went on the internet and arranged a week in California. We flew from Philadelphia to San Francisco and arrived at the Tuscan Inn at Fisherman Warf in the early afternoon. The front desk treated us like royalty. Our room was tastefully decorated in white and yellow. It was so cheery and felt like a bed and breakfast room. We could walk everywhere and felt right at home when we returned in the evening. We would recommend this location for anyone who wanted to be close to all attractions. Don't hesitate, try it.	
Aug 12 2005	Great Location and comfort	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for one night in August 2005. I chose this property for its proximity to Fisherman's Wharf and the Blue and Gold Ferry to Alcatraz. It was an easy 5 minute walk to both of these as well as the Cable car line. Dinner in the hotel restaurant was excellent and the beds were very comfortable. I was also pleased with the wireless internet access. paid $161 plus tax along with a $20 parking fee.	
Aug 10 2005	Great Hotel!	We stayed here for our 10th wedding anniversary and were impressed. I had made arrangements for fruit/wine basket it was in our room along with a complimentary bottle of wine. The hotel room was elegant in its design. We were just a short distance to Fisherman's Warf and the tolley line. We also had a tour company right down the street and we took 3 tours through them - all terrific! We could also walk a couple of blocks to an IHOP. The restaurant in the hotel was expensive. The evening wine reception was a nice touch.	
Aug 9 2005	Wharf on one side ghetto on other	On one side of the hotel was Fisherman's Wharf just a few blocks away. On the other was a kind of seedy area with lots of bums. The neighborhood the hotel is in wasn't the best. We always kept it in our heads that we should get back to the room before it got too late. There were some problems with people at the front desk, one younger guy (can't recall his name) was uncooperative and unprofessional. Our airconditioner wasn't in the best working order. We had a nice size room with 2 double beds. My parents' room with only one king bed was really small they wanted to change, but the hotel was booked up. Breakfast isn't included in the room rate, although there is a restaurant adjoined to the hotel with decent, average-priced food. I think it was around $10.00 for an omelette. We expected a better hotel and even thought &quot;This is it&quot; but it was reasonably princed. There are so many SF hotels, we should have taken more time to find a nicer place. It wasn't necessarily bad, just not any thing great, either.	
Aug 9 2005	Good Choice	Wife and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn from August 1-8. I chose this hotel based on Trip Advisor customer reviews. We were very pleased with our choice. The location is perfect. Five minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf, and a short walk to cable cars, busses, and many great restaurants. Staff and concierge were very helpful. We had a courtyard room and it was very quiet. Weather was very cool at night and we slept with the window slightly open. Very comfortable for sleeping and we never used the air conditioning, even though we are from Michigan and keep it on in our home for most of the summer (like today, when it is 90 and humid). The coffee and biscotti offered in the morning is a good way to start the day, and the free wine hour from 5 to 6 is very pleasant, although we were so busy we only attended twice. I would definately return to the Tuscan.	
Aug 7 2005	Great place to stay--Tuscan Inn	My 18-yr old dtr and I just returned from staying 4 nights at the Tuscan Inn in San Francisco. We had never traveled there and booked the trip thru Priceline. Tuscan was wonderful! The rooms were clean and nicely decorated. The rooms were also quiet and we felt safe. The location was great, just a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. One day we got a day pass and took the cable cars and buses to view other parts of the city such as Chinatown, Golden Gate Park, Painted Ladies houses. The bus line we needed was just across the street and the cable car was a block away. Again, the location was great! The 5-6 pm complimentary wine hour was a nice feature. They did have soda for younger people, but ran out so my dtr didn't get anything to drink. In the morning there is complimentary tea, coffee, hot chocolate and biscotti. We arrived at the Oakland Airport and took BART to get to SanFrancisco and then the f-line muni to get to Fisherman's Wharf. It was ok, but it took a good hour to get to our motel. It cost about $8 per person to travel this way. We decided to take a shuttle back to the Oakland Airpost. There was a shuttle that advertised $23 for one person and $10 for additional people...so it cost $33 which was worth it. It only took about 20-25 minutes by shuttle to get back to the Oakland Airport. I'd definately stay at the Tuscan Inn again. Other places I'd recommend seeing include Alcatraz (audio tour), Muir Woods tour, and biking the Golden Gate bridge.	
Aug 6 2005	Great deal with lots of charm	We were very pleased with the Tuscan Inn. After going back and forth trying to decide whether to stay at the more expensive Argonaut, we chose the Tusan Inn and were very happy with the choice. It is set back just far enough from the wharf area that you feel you can get away from the tourist madhouse, but close enough that in five minutes you can be at pier 39 or the cannery. The location was great! We were able to hop on the cable car right around the coner, we walked to Lombard Street, Coit Tower, the square, the marina, and the wharf many times. The rooms were celan and well kept. The bathroom was just okay, but for the price we survived. The staff of the hotel was very friendly and the evening cocktail hour was a great touch with many choices.We enjoyed a meal at the ajoining Pescatore's and found it to be affordable and delicious. The hotel is just across the way from Safeway, Trader Joe's, and Branes and Nobles. We were able to grab danish or donuts in the morning at Safeway which was a great way to save on money. I felt the hotel had a lot of charm and would highly recommend it for anyone staying in the wharf area.	
Aug 5 2005	Not Impressed	Arrived before check in and was told that two courtyard rooms were reserved for my party and available at 3:00 check in time. I returned at 3:40 and my rooms were not even ready. After waiting in the lounge area for 10-15 minutes, we were given our room keys. Upon entering our rooms, we see that our view was not of the courtyard, but of a brick wall. I called the desk and explained the situation. Their response was that there were no courtyard rooms available. Why they promise two rooms with a courtyard view, when they don't even have one to offer is beyond me. Our next disappointment was that we didn't even have towels. Again, I called housekeeping and their response was, yea we know! Their cavalier attitude gave one the impression that towels might not necessarily be one of the hotel's priorities. When the towels were finally delivered, I never got the correct number I requested. On the second night I left a note for housekeeping to provide 3 full sets of towels, again, I was shorted. When you pay for the extra third person, it's a bit discouraging to have to beg for the necessary accomodations. Complimentary wine was good, however, the second morning there was no hot water or coffee available in their lobby. I will say that the beds were comfortable and select staff were friendly, but definitely not enough incentive to try my luck again at this hotel.	
Jul 29 2005	Good Location Clean	Fisherman's Wharf has to be the best area for a tourist to stay in San Francisco and the Tuscan Inn is in easy walking distance of Pier 39, the Alcatraz Ferry, the main promenade of Fisherman's Wharf and the Cable Car line.Our room (2 x Double Beds) was clean and of reasonable size. The Foyer / Lounge was very attractive and filled with comfortable seating.The complimentary early evening (5 to 6pm) Wine reception was a nice feature - choose from 3 x wines, beer and soft drinks.Did not try the attached Cafe Pescatore or the 24-hour fitness centre (not complimentary) that was one block away.For those used to British Hotels: I stayed in four US Hotels three including the Tuscan had in-room Filter Coffee Makers and the forth had nothing. The Coffee Makers are just that (no Tea, Hot Chocolate or Biscuits). At the Tuscan these were available (complimentery) in the Foyer / Lounge during the Breakfast period. Think of an up-market Travel Inn with an attractive lobby	
Jul 29 2005	WOW! Cannot imagine better in the Warf!	My husband and I visited San Francisco on a recent vacation and, under the advise of a trusted friend, decided to stay at the Best Western Tuscan Inn. I have stayed in many hotels, and could not imagine finding a better place. The room was inviting, the staff tremendously helpful and courteous, and the concierge was the best in the business. He led us to restaurants with views you couldn't find unless you were a local! I would highly recommend this hotel, and can't wait to visit it again very soon!	
Jul 29 2005	Great Decision to Stay Here!	Due to the reviews on this sight, I recently stayed at the Tuscan Inn. This was a GREAT decision. I have never stayed at a Best Western before, but I think this is not your typical BW hotel! The lobby was decorated beautifully, giving you a feeling of being in a European hotel. Cocktail hour in the lobby with the fireplace burning was a delightful treat. They offered three styles of wine, Peroni beer, Pellegrino water, sodas, and a snack. Amazingly, with a 3-night stay, we made cocktail hour 3 times. You could chat with other guests, or just keep to yourselves; the atmosphere was warm and friendly. The complimentary coffee and biscotti in the morning was another hit. Their biggest challenge was keeping the coffee urns filled, as everyone seemed to enjoy the coffee.We ate at the attached Italian restaurant the first night due to exhaustion, and found it to be outstanding. This is not your typical spaghetti and meatball restaurant. The restaurant was decorated beautifully, the wait staff was professional without being snobby, the menu was creative and delicious. The tiramisu for dessert was one of the best I’ve ever had.I feared the room size because of the other reviews, but I think we got lucky and received one of their larger rooms. We requested 2 double beds for 3 women, and were expecting a closet-sized room. What we received was more than adequate. We were in the back of the hotel with a “view” of the inner courtyard, but it was quiet and we got a peaceful night’s sleep. Other guests on the street-side of the hotel were not as fortunate due to excessive street noise.The rooms were freshly and creatively decorated, and meticulously clean. The furnishings were bright and cheery (looked new), and having the one wall mirrored not only made the room feel larger, but with 3 women staying in the room, we never had to fight for mirror time. The goose-down duvets are another European touch.If I had to find one negative thing in the room (and I’m searching), it would be that the shower and toilet were in a separate room from the sink (good thing), but the light switch for the shower was tied into the same light at the sink. So, if one person wanted to shower and required the light on, it would also light up the sink area, which was in the bedroom area, hence, would disturb the other sleeping guests. The Concierge always had a friendly smile and was willing to help with any questions that came his way. The front desk and the housekeeping staff were equally as friendly.As far as parking is concerned, we were shell-shocked at what most of the hotels charge for parking—up to $40/night. The Tuscan is $29/night, but if you search for a package rate on their web site, you may get parking included in your room rate. Great value. Also, there is a public garage across the street from the hotel if you want to self-park. I don’t know what their rates are though. The hotel is in a great location; you can walk to anything in the Fisherman’s Wharf area. In fact, we even walked to Lombard Street one morning. Now that was a hike! And, conveniently, there is a Safeway and a drug store hidden in the parking garage across the street. Yes, hidden. We made several trips to the Safeway for more film, bottled water, etc. Very convenient. I highly recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again. Hope you enjoy your time their as much as we did.	
Jul 28 2005	Bella! Wonderful Hotel!	My wife and I have travelled the world and stayed in hundreds of hotels in the US, Europe and Asia. This hotel ranks among the top. The service was excellent, the room was terrific, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the hotel is centrally located to all the major attractions of San Francisco. We particularly enjoyed the complimentary wine hour that the hotel features every day from five to six. We went on two day-long tours when in San Francisco including a day in the Napa/Sonoma valleys and the company we used is just down the block from the hotel so we didn't even have to wait for the pick-up bus. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 27 2005	dobre! dobre!-----great ! great!	As the commercial for rice -a- roni states &quot; A San Francico TREAT &quot; !The staff and faclilties were great !	
Jul 27 2005	Great Friendly Stay on the Warf	I would have to recommend the Tuscan Inn to anyone looking to stay in San Francisco. My Wife and I did not know what to expect after booking a last minute trip. The staff was friendly and very knowledgeable about everything we asked. The wine hour each day was a great way to relax after a busy day exploring the city. We look forward to returning soon.	
Jul 27 2005	Best place to stay near the wharf	The Tuscan Inn was a great place to stay when visiting Fisherman's Wharf and all that San Francisco has to offer. The entire staff was extremely friendly and accomodating. The concierge directed us to amazing restaurants and wonderful little establishments that we never would have found on our own. The accessibilty to the wharf was an attractive factor in where to stay without compromising on an elegant facility. The Tuscan Inn is a top-notch hotel and I will definitely return and also recommend highly to friends and family.	
Jul 25 2005	Personal Service From Staff	A wonderful stay, staff especially friendly, complimentary wine tasting a definite plus, rooms well appointed and well kept.	
Jul 25 2005	Superb Service	Our stay at the Tuscan Inn made our trip to San Francisco, as well as our dogs. We enjoyed our comfortable, clean room, as well as the excellent location. We felt very welcomed by the freindly staff that was able to help us with all of our questions and needs. Plus, our dog was very loved and welcomed by everyone! Great place to stay!	
Jul 25 2005	A NO WORRY VACATION.	JULY 16TH-JULY 23RD 2005. MY husbandand I stayed at this wonderful place called THE TUSCAN INN FISHERMAN'S WHARF SAN FRANCISCO CALIFORNIA. I must say the place was wonderful by that I mean, the desk people were so helpful. The cleaning people did a great job of always making sure the place felt like home. My self I have a thing about sanitary conditions and fresh linens so that was very nice for us.The location was a nice surprise as the cable cars are around the corner, buses available easily.The staff has a wine get-to-gether for the patrons in the lobby every evening at 5-6 p.m. so if one chooses they can sit and relax and visit with other's.The hotel gave us the feeling like we were the only people that mattered, so you know they must make everyone feel like that.If I could have my children and our friends stay any where in that city it would most certainly be THE TUSCAN INN FISHERMANS WHARF.	
Jul 25 2005	Great Hotel - Great Service!	Had the opportunity to stay at the Tuscan Inn recently. A wonderful property in a super convenient location. I highly recommend this property to anyone looking for a comfortable stay in a quality hotel in a great location.	
Jul 24 2005	Can't be beat	My wife and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn on the recommendation of a friend who loved the place.We came to SF to celebrate Father's Day with our family. What great service. After flying from NYC we were very tired upon arrival. The front desk was quick and easy. once in our room we immediately showered. We phoned housekeeping for additional towels and they arrived before I hung up the telephone. Great free &quot;coffee and&quot; in the morning and a very pleasant afternoon complimentary wine. Extremely comfortable rooms, with minibar, TV, alarm clock, ironing board and iron, moring newspaper.We definitely appreciate the friends recommendation of this great hotel. We will be back next time we come to SF.	
Jul 24 2005	First Class Hotel	Each employee I encountered went out of their way to make my stay very enjoyable. I really enjoyed the wine hour...the masseuse they have in their lobby during this time is excellent!	
Jul 23 2005	Great Accomodations	What a great place. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The room was clean and comfortable. We loved the convenience of having a great restaurant right next door. Definitely a destination when in San Francisco.	
Jul 22 2005	Great Birthday Suprise for my wife	Very clean room, great location, wonderful service and dog friendly. My wife and I had a wonderful time.	
Jul 22 2005	Hidden Gem in Fisherman's Wharf	Our hotel stay was fantastic! Our rooms were so much nicer then we expected and the staff was friendly and helpful. We had wonderful recommendations for restaurants and bars. Alos, the food in the adjoining restaurant was very good! We were very pleasently surprised to find such great value in Fisherman's Wharf.	
Jul 22 2005	Great hotel!	We've had the opportunity to stay at the Tuscan Inn 3 times in the last year. Everytime we visit we enjoy it more and more. The personalized service always stands out and if we have a problem, it is immediately remedied. The last visit we arrived late and the front desk assisted my family in getting a late dinner from the attached restaurant, (which was very tasty). The location could not be any better. Just 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, the cable cars and convenient restaurants. We will definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Jul 22 2005	Superb Hotel	We arrived after a long day's travelling from the UK and were delighted to find that the hotel exceeded our expectations. The room was very well appointed with quality furnishings and it was decorated in a classy and individual style, not what you normally expect from a chain hotel in a touristy location. It had more of a boutique hotel feel to it.After settling in and getting freshened up (great Tea Tree and Avacado shampoo by the way) we enjoyed the complimentary wine hour, where we were encouraged to sample all the varieties on offer. Suitably fortified, we set out on our first evening feeling very positive about the hotel, San Francisco and the world in general!The King size bed was longer and wider than the equivalent in the UK and extremely firm and comfortable - we're now shopping for a replacement at home using this as the benchmark.Morning coffee, tea and biscotti in the lobby was very convenient and as with the evening wine sessions, provided an oppurtunity to chat with other guests and swap tips on where to go and what to do.I'd seen a previous review recommending getting a room on the top floor in order to minimise traffic noise. We did and it was indeed very quiet (although the traffic didn't seem particularly heavy in the first place).All in all, an excellent stay over 4 nights and very good value for money. Great room, friendly staff, superb location - just a couple of blocks away from the hustle and bustle of Fisherman's Wharf and 2 minutes from the cable car turnaround that takes you straight to Union Square.We'll definitely stay there on our next visit to SF.	
Jul 20 2005 	had a blast	Just returned from San Francisco and we had a great time. The locationof the Tuscan Inn is the best-right on Fishermans Wharf (2 blocks fromthe water). The staff is wonderful, they had knowledge of the city andthe area and helped us in so many ways. We plan on another stay next year.	
Jul 20 2005	The Best Hotel in Fisherman's Wharf!	I just recently stayed at the Tuscan Inn and absolutely loved it! Our room with 2 double beds was beautiful. (Contrary to the comments of a previous reviewer, I never saw the rooms advertised anywhere as having 2 queen beds!) The room was not large, but was average size for a room in San Francisco. The staff was friendly, courteous, professional and knowledgeable. You cannot beat the location! You are walking distance to all of the Fisherman's Wharf attractions, as well as a quick cable car or street car ride to most points in the city. The evening wine hour is a great idea, allowing guests to mingle with each other while enjoying complimentary beverages!All in all I would say this was one of finest hotel stays I have ever experienced. I highly recommend the Tuscan Inn to anyone looking for a great visit to San Francisco!	
Jul 11 2005	Worst stay ever anywhere	We arrived at the hotel at 4pm, and there were no towels in the room. I was told they would send some up. An hour later I was told they would send some up. I was told this until 8pm, when I was told they were out of towels in the hotel until 9pm.I had also reserved a room with 2 queen beds and got a room with 2 large twin beds, not even full sized where my wife and I could not sleep in one bed (we are not that large either).I had read a prior review complaning about the fact the hotel had run out of the &quot;free&quot; morning biscotti's as promised to quests. That did not happen to us. They sliced the biscotti's into 1/4 inch slices so all quests were assured to get a crumb, if they wanted (no one was taking them)I asked to speak to a manager the night we aRRIVED TO DISCUSS THE TOWELS. i WAS TOLD NONE WERE AVAILABLE. i asked again the next morning, and was once again told none were available that day. I called again the next day upon returning home (long distance at my expense) and kept getting looped to the 800 central reservations numver. When I asked one of those people if I could speak to a manager or supervisor I was told none were available to talk to customers.I left home at 5am the night of my stay and paid extra to get what we thought was going to be a nice room in the central warf area of the city the night before taking our son to Stanford for summer school and have a night on the town. After driving all day, and not only not being able to take a shower until after 9pm (arriving at 4pm) but being lied to every hour and forced to wait for towels based upon these lies, our &quot;night on the town&quot; was reduced to waiting in a very small, dingy hotel room with beds we could not all even sleep on. My wife and son rotated trying to sleep on a small chair.I have never in my life stayed at a hotel, especially one this expensive that did not even have towels for their guests, lied about that and the bed sizes, and were so un-helpful witrh anything we needed.There are plenty of other hotelsd in this area, any of them have to be better than this was.	
Jul 11 2005	forget this place	My husband, son and I stayed here on July 9, 2005. Checked in at 4:00 p.m. and went to take showers (we'd been on the road since 4:15 a.m.) - there were not enough towels in the room for the three of us - though we paid for the three of us. We were told the towels would be sent right up - waited an hour, then called again, waited an hour, then called again and told not till after 9 p.m. because they ran out of towels. (They lied to us about it). What's up with that? We paid for a room with not enough towels? We had two double beds - and since I sleep with my husband at home on a double bed, I was amazed at how small these were - I measured to find them to be 5 inches shorter in width - so what you get is two large twins - with extra length, not width. Good luck sleeping with two people in one bed this small. False advertisement here...The heater/air conditioner unit is an arm's length from the bed, and it was so stuffy in the room, you had to have the unit on all the time - only it blew in your face when you tried to sleep...my nose burned. We didn't get much sleep with the paper thin walls. In the morning there was coffee and biscotti in the lobby - The biscotti is chopped into 1 inch pieces...whoopee. The location is good here, but that is all the good I can say about this place.	
Jul 11 2005	Loved it! Highly recommend!	I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The location is fantastic - just a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, and everything is nearby. There is a grocery store and a drug store across the street. From the hotel we walked to Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 30, The Cannery, Ghirardelli Square, Coit Tower, Lombard Street, Chinatown, and many other locations. The staff is courteous and professional, and the concierge is very helpful. The hotel has a nice boutique feel to it, partly due to the lobby with fireplace, wine tasting every evening, and biscotti for breakfast. The rooms are extremely clean and have windows that actually open to the outside. We had a courtyard view of trees and flowers. Our room was furnished in tones of dark red and black, including a bolster pillow and shams. The hallways are clean and nicely lit to add to the boutique feel.The hotel is eco-friendly, which I liked. They only change your sheets and towels everyday if you request. If you don't want them changed, they still remake and clean the room. The towels were nice sized and thick, and there were plenty of them. The shower head was up pretty high which is great for tall travelers. There was also a curved curtain which allows you more room when showering. I especially liked the aromatherapy bath soap, lotion, shampoo, and conditioner.We got a great night's sleep due to the comfortable bed and quiet. We never heard a sound from other rooms besides the door next to ours opening and closing. If I searched to find anything wrong with the hotel, I could only say that one side of our toilet paper holder was loose. I can't recommend this hotel enough, and we will definitely stay there again when visiting San Francisco. I will also recommend it highly to everyone I know!	
Jul 9 2005	Never Again	Where do I start? Arrived after a long journey and went to our room on the fourth floor. One of the smallest rooms in any Best Western I have stayed in. Decore was nice and clean, beds comfortable and we did have a fridge. However window was wide open and was broken. We asked at front desk and then said they would send someone up in 10 minutes, over 1 hour later no sign so we asked to move rooms. The concierge was useless - un-helpfull and a waste of time. Told us about a vegaterian restruant that had closed down years ago, a dry cleaners that was also shut. So we are in our new room, no double glazing and god could you here the traffic. Dumper trucks, buses etc all from 4am....not much sleep at all. Over rated and over priced. The only good hting was the location. It should be ashamed to call it's self a Best Western.	
Jul 7 2005	Why the high ratings for this place?	Best Western website for this hotel advertised refrigerators in every room. Because of some special food needs, we booked this hotel with this understanding, plus it had received highest rating - best hotel in Wharf area. Were here July6-9 (still here...unfortunately....)Got to hotel, disappointed in the incredibly small rooms, but location is great. Website also said rooms had been recently redecorated - guess they forgot our 2 rooms - kind of shabby. Cheap furniture. Outdated outlets - couldn't plug cell phone chargers in except one place under desk. Hair dryer in bathroom constantly fell in sink from it's holder when anyone used the door to our room. Finally unplugged it and left it down on the TINY sink are space.Worst part was no fridges in room as advertised. They had quasi mini-bars in dorm-size fridges but we were told by front desk that we could not empty them out without being charged for the contents. We asked to speak to a manager, but after an hour of waiting no one came to talk to us about this. Wanted to get on with being tourists so we decided not to wait. Asked next morning - still told we couldn't empty them - offered to pull up website on our laptop which still showed that fridges came with rooms but they didn't want to see it - they just wanted to say that there rooms never had fridges and didn't know why BW advertised that they did. They told me I would have to wait for maids to come to take stuff out of fridge later in the day - like i'm really going to waste tourist time for this. I BEGGED them to be able to just remove the things myself and leave them on the desk - they said they'd have to talk to a manager - i said great when would they be in - they said they had no idea!!!!!Totally unwilling to help us in any way. WORST BW we've ever stayed in as far as service goes.	
Jul 4 2005	loved the location	second time staying at the Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's wharf. Went on a 15 day Alaskan cruise from San Francisco. The Tuscan Inn was a short walk to the cruise ship terminal. Got a cab for the luggage. We stayed here about 15 years ago and they still have the wine and cheese from 5:00 - 6:00 p.m. Nice touch.	
Jul 3 2005	Sorry - not a 4 star	The only good thing about this hotel is the cosy reception with the open burning fireplace but that's where it stops. It was not worth the £115 ROOM ONLY per night that we paid for 4 nights - absolutely not ! ! ! !If you want to stay in Fishermans Wharf stay at The Argonaut.Alcatraz is worth a visit but I would recommend booking as far in advance as you can and do the night tour which is fascinating.I wouldn't recommend this hotel - it really isn't great.	
Jul 1 2005	Nice for the PRice	I got this hotel(3 star) through Priceline while trying to get the Radison(2.5 star). We stayed at the Tuscan Inn the last week in June from Friday night until Monday morning. I reserved two rooms. We saved money by flying into Oakland International Airport. For those wondering, a cab ride from OIA is $53.00We arrived very late, in fact Saturday am, and were greeted by Quinn who checked us in. Quinn was very friendly. During our stay, I spoke with both Quinn and Neal at the front desk, two valet attendants, and Daniel the Concierge. All were very friendly and courteous, and quickly answered every question that I asked.We never tried the restaurant in the hotel, as we had plenty of options in the blocks surrounding the hotel.The hotel is conveniently located, two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, and close to the cable cars, trolley stops, and the Blue and Gold fleet (Alcatraz tours). For $6 round trip you can take the nearby trolleys to China Town, Nob Hill, Union Station, and Powell Street. If you want to see the Golden Gate Bridge, you can rent bikes or two seater and four seater motorized vehicles from a few places within two or three blocks of the hotel. The bridge is about 3.5 miles from the hotel. You can walk to the Gold and Blue fleet for tours around the bay, to Angel and Alcatraz Islands, and to Muir Woods. Also, a Super Tours office is just a block or two up North Point. One morning as we were walking out, there was gentleman there who annouced to folks waiting in the lobby that he was with &quot;Grayline Tours&quot;.The room we stayed in was a bit tight. It was actually two rooms, with a sofa bed, desk, coffee table, and television in the first room, and a bed, dresser, and television in a seperate room. The bath in our room was fine, not extraordinarily big, but not cramped either. It only had a shower. The only con was the limited space in the bedroom. There wasn't a lot of space for the luggage. However the bed was extremely confortable. Overall, I was happy with the room.The other room, reserved for my mother, was a single room, with much more space. She was very happy with her room. I will attempt to include a picture of her room.We stayed in three hotels on our trip to San Francisco and Las Vegas, and when it was all said and done, this was the hotel we all agreed was the best stay overall. Our other hotel stay in Las Vegas was the Holiday Inn Express a couple of blocks up the street. Prices being equal, I would recommend this hotel over the Holiday Inn Express for the beds alone.	
Jun 30 2005	Great stay!	My husband and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn over Memorial Day weekend. It was great - very pretty, clean, nice staff, great wine hour every evening. The room was a little small but it was very nicely decorated and very clean. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 28 2005	Great Location	PROSThe location is wonderful. Two short blocks to the cable cars, 1 block to the electrics trolleys and steps to the bus. We never used our car to explore the city. Pier 39, Fisherman’s Wharf, the Cannery and Ghirardelli all an easy walk (with kids).Our room was very quiet as well. It was nice not having to listen to cars and buses throughout the night or other guest.CONSWe were initially given a smoking room although I requested nonsmoking and then the desk clerk argued with me that it was not a smoking room, but just on a smoking floor… there was an ashtray in the room. They did switch rooms eventually and even the bellhop thought it smelled horrid in the room.Small rooms, we could barely fit two adults and two children in the room. We also did not find them very kids friendly. There were only a couple of families with children there.The concierge was knowledgeable but it was like squeezing water out of a stone to get any information out of him. He also looked like you had interrupted him if you sat down to ask a question.Overall though, the location was great and the hotel was nice. I would consider staying there again if I returned without the children.	
Jun 16 2005	Great Location	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for 3 nights in April. It is in a great location, the rooms are clean and comfortable and the managers wine hour is a welcome bonus.There was a problem though that the hotel did not receive our request for a twin room and we ended up in a double for the first night. Despite 3 requests and 3 promises for a rollaway bed, it never arrived. The night front desk personnel were disinterested and could not be bothered, although the day personnel were lovely and sorted another room for us.If you plan to be out and about most of the time you are in SF, I'd definately recommend the hotel. But if you want to relax in the hotel, then you'd be better choosing somewhere else.By the way, the hotel's restaurant is great. The food is lovely and the staff very friendly.	
Jun 1 2005	Good Location	The hotel was conveniently located 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. While this was an older hotel, it has been kept up well and the rooms were satisfactory. The morning Starbucks coffee in the lobby was a nice touch.I would not recommend the hotel resaurant. We ate breakfast there one day and were appalled at the slow service, rude waitstaff, and overpriced breakfast food. There are plenty of other places to eat within walking distance of the hotel.Overall, we would stay here again (just avoid the restaurant)!	
May 30 2005	Great Hotel!	I stayed here from May 15-21 and was very impressed with the hotel. When I first got there my room wasn't ready yet since I was early so they held my bags and called me a cab and I went out sightseeing. When I came back my room still wasn't ready so I was upgraded to room with a king-sized bed at no extra charge. You can't beat that! The room was very nice, clean and well-decorated as was the whole hotel. The staff was friendly, courteous and always offering extra help even when I was checking out at 4am to catch a plane. I had breakfast and dinner a few times at the restaurant joined to the hotel, Cafe Pescatore, and thought the food and the service were both very good.You also can't beat the Tuscan Inn for location. It was close to Fisherman's Wharf with its great restaurants and views as well as several tour offices.I thoroughly enjoyed my week at the Tuscan Inn. I would definitely stay there again and would highly recommend it to anyone.	
May 29 2005	Great location at a reasonable price	My wife and I took two trips to San Fran in 2004 and stayed at the best western both times. The first was for a week in January. The hotel location was great. We flew in to San Fran airport, took the BART downtown, and then took a cable car to a stop 1 block from the hotel. We didnt have or need a car so we didnt have to deal with parking a car I believe it is $30 a day-- par for the city. The hotel is clean and neat, our room was clean and comfortable. If I had to be critical the room could use a little updateing, but not a big deal. The front desk was friendly, however not terribly knowledgeable--I would assume high turnover. The location is great, if your an active person you can walk everywhere from this hotel, in fact we took a long run up the shore --crissy field and accross the golden gate bridge. North Beach starts a block away and heads north, we skipped the touristy fishermans warf area. Restaurants are everywhere, however we did not eat at the Tuscan restaurant in the hotel. As far as convenience--the cable car stop is 1 block away and that along with the outstanding bus system will get you everywhere you need to go. We plan on visiting the city often, and we plan on staying at this location for the foreseeable future.	
May 23 2005	Great roomslocation 	My husband &amp; I spent the day in San Fran. We stopped there before our week long trip to Napa. It was wonderful. The rooms were great and the Service wonderful. They did have a Wine/Beer serving at 5pm which was nice. It is located 2 blocks from the wharf which was outstanding considering parking is hard to come by. The only complaint I have is the Valet service. Not that it was horribly but the pull in nook is not very big. We waited about 10 mins before being helped but we were on vacation, So what's the hurry, right??!Enjoy your stay. We did!	
May 10 2005	Great Room - Appalling Front Desk	The rooms and building are quite nice - location is excellent. The front desk is the worst service I have had in years. It took 45 minutes to check in and we didn't wait in line. While we were waiting, the desk clerk stopped helping us to talk to other guests, never apologized for the interruption, and never looked up once. He was also training serveral others in the same manner - it was the night manager!!!!! Dreadful service!!!!The rooms were clean and well appointed - the maid staff were excellent.I just recieved my credit card bill, there are two extra charges for a total of $20.00. When I called, the desk clerk mumbled into the phone and I had to ask if I had the right number.. Then in a snotty tone, he imformed me that &quot;you know, accounting is only here during the day.&quot; I would only stay here again if they changed management.	
Apr 29 2005	great location and reasonably priced	My family stayed at the Tuscan Inn April 20-25 in two connecting rooms. The reasonable price of the hotel allowed us to book 2 rooms, thus giving the 4 of us a bit more space and 2 bathrooms (with teenage girls, this is important). As others have said, the beds are wonderful. Plenty of room in the bathroom. The air conditioning unit in one room was noisy, but nothing terrible. The concierge was helpful, and the Happy Hour by the fireplace was a bonus. Now that this is a Kimpton Hotel, I expect that it will be upgraded a bit in the near future and will feel like less of a Best Western.The location is perfect for walking to most attractions. We visited Alcatraz, Coit Tower, Cable Car museum, Lombard Street, Muir Woods and Sausalito. We ate dinner in the hotel restaraunt 3 times, mainly because we were exhausted at night, and enjoyed the food. We discovered a fabulous restaurant in Chinatown - Hunans Home - 622 Jackson Street. I highly recommend it. And reasonable, compared to other restaurants we visited. Although we come from a big city ourselves, we had three negative observations of SF: expensive, dirty and far more homeless people than we've ever seen in Phila. That's not to say that we won't return - just be prepared, especially if you bring children.	
Apr 25 2005	such nice folks	After much research of hotels in which to stay in SF prior to a cruise, I finally decided on the Best Western Tuscan Inn near Fishermans wharf. It was nice, the folks there very helpful--letting us check in early without so much as a frown--polite and eager to help in any way. I would love to go back and stay again--this time a little longer. It's easy to catch a taxi to anywhere you want to go, and the bellman was very helpful. The beds were comfortable with nice down comforters. The food was good at the resteraunt also. A good place to start a cruise!!	
Apr 23 2005	Great Hotel	We spent six nights at the Tuscan Inn and have nothing but rave reviews for this hotel! The location was perfect. Walking distance to Cable Cars,Wharf, Bus 47 and F Line. Great restaurant with a friendly staff. Everyone was pleasant and very helpful. Nice clean rooms and a spaciousbathroom. We are anxious to return!Mary and Jack from Scituate MA	
Apr 23 2005	Great Location	I spent two nights at this hotel. It is about a 5 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Good base for exploring local sights. Generally very quiet hotel. Wine at 5 pm was a nice treat. Room was slightly bigger than a typical room. While I have no substantive complaints about this hotel, areas for improvement include:$29/day to park a car seems like a lot to me. The plumbing was a bit noisy. Otherwise, a pleasant place to stay in a good part of SF.	
Apr 19 2005	Oh my gosh the Best beds!	We stayed here for 2 nights last week and were very pleased. I booked the hotel through Priceline at $85 per night and feel like we got a great deal. We were given a room with a king bed, and a peekaboo view of Coit Tower that was quiet and well kept.The lobby is intimate and charming, and always has a bit of activity. Very comfortable place to be. The staff was beyond kind and helpful.The best thing was the BED. It was heavenly. I have back and neck issues, and this is the first time in years I have woken up without pain. I could have slept all day if not for the fact that we had many things we wanted to see and do in our short stay.The room is small....I didn't realize how small it would be, especially with 2 adults and one teenage son (he slept on a rollaway). I wouldn't hesitate to stay again, but just my husband and myself, if our son came, I'd want to upgrade to one of their suites.Only 2 negatives. The air conditioning in our room was essentially non-existant, the room was a bit stuffy and warmer than we would have liked. And the hotel restaurant food and service was (in our opinion) awful. Thankfully we only ate one breakfast there!Our last visit (18 months ago) we stayed at the Hyatt at FW and while it was &quot;fine,&quot; The Tuscan Inn has much more charm, and a terrific staff!	
Apr 7 2005	Great place to stay	Stayed for 4 nights in June 2004 and were not disappointedAfter reading reviews decided to stay. Reviews were correct. We found the staff friendly and the drinks in the evening an added bonus. Central to everywhere and would go back again.	
Apr 4 2005	Jerks	My husband and I always try to get away on the anniversary of our only child's death, March 31st. I had read about the Tuscan Inn and booked it well in advance for our arrival. It sounded like a great place to be for the occasion.We took a train from Santa Barbara, and I knew we were going to arrive quite late. I was looking forward to the assurance of our lovely room awaiting us. As it turned out, we arrived at around 3:00 A. M. totally exhausted. We were supposed to have arrived around 10 P.M.But I had guaranteed with my credit card, so I knew we could just get there and go to sleep.Well we arrived and THEY HAD SOLD OUR ROOM! I was totally shocked.The snide, sadistic clerk at the desk was completely unapologetic and sarcastic. QUINN. He said he found us another room that was like the one we'd reserved non-smoking King. We also always look for free wi-fi. We were taken to another hotel where the room was totally reeking of cigarettes, because it was a smoking room, and 2 twin beds. By then it was almost 4:00 A.M. Internet access was not free.I was so upset and angry, and that desk clerk is nothing but a black hole for Best Western's public relations. There was no&quot; MISTAKE&quot;-there was no &quot;MISUNDERSTANDING&quot;But there was an abundance of ill will and greed.If a late arrival guarantee has NO meaning, and is not honored by the hotel, than how can I trust their hospitality code? I have NEVER had such a crappy experience at a hotel. I really feel that he sized us up and decided to try to wield power, because there was nothing we could do.I will tell all my friends about this, and we are not, despite Quinn's assessment of our social status, a bunch of unsophisticated hillbillies.This was way below terrible.	
Apr 4 2005	Absolutely fabulous	Big, clean comfortable room and a great location. Free wireless internet in the room - fantastic!	
Mar 31 2005	I Don't often give compliments	My wife and I stayed for three nights in March 2005. We had a room facing into the Courtyard. Quiet and well designed. Best feature was the freebie drinks in reception from 5-6pm. We met couples from all parts of the world and had interesting chats over several glasses of wine. Don't bother with the Italian style cafe attached to the hotel. The best and nearest breakfast is at Wharf Inn on Beach St, a block away (Chinese run).Another English couple we know has stayed here since our departure and they too confirm our opinion that this is a lovely hotel, well situated for all the delights of Fishermans Wharf	
Mar 23 2005	great rooms fantastic location and great service!	My husband and i stayed here for 2 nights in march, I was concermed by the number of comments regarding the size of the rooms - yes they are a little on the small size but as there was only 2 of us plus my toddler daughter we found them to be more than adequate and very family friendly (particularly liked the lock on the mini bar/fridge door which housed a seemlessly endless supply of candy!) the beds were VERY comfortable and we had a great room which overlooked the street below with the bay in the distance (NOT overly noisy at all considering the location) the valet and the porters all very friendly and nothing seemed to be too much trouble for any of the staff! overall we had a fantastic stay and i would not hesitate to book here again, being a travel agent i am very picky by the nature of work i am in, and i would DEFINATELY reccomend this hotel as a first option to any of my clients who wanted to stay in San Fran. i would also urge other vistors to prebook Alacatraz with Blue and Gold Fleet direct on there website before they arrive in San Fran as you can pick up your tickets at the self service machine without the miles of queues!	
Mar 21 2005	Everything appeared okay	Stayed here recently. Everything went well. I really liked the place. The hotel had been pre booked so on check out I had nothing else to pay. However, when I returned home, I discovered the hotel had charged my credit card $1.63 without my knowledge the day after check out. It is only a small sum of money but I was very concerned as I had not stolen anything from the hotel or used any of the stuff in the bedroom bar!The hotel now claims however that &quot;items were removed&quot;. The only others with access to this food and drink were the cleaning staff. I suggest to anyone staying here to make sure they know what is being taken out of their credit card before they leave this hotel.I am a very honest person who has stayed in many hotels over Europe and America and I have never before experienced an insult like this.My credit card company are supportive and refunded my money but be aware. There could have been a lot more money involved. All I have is my word that I removed no items!	
Mar 15 2005	Spent three nights last week	We had an inside room, facing onto the courtyard. The room was small, but it was mostly due to the king-sized bed and some rather large pieces of furniture that were in the room. The bed was really comfortable. The staff was very friendly and attentive. We drove, so that was a disadvantage as we chose to valet our car for the unlimited &quot;in and out&quot; privileges. I thought it was pretty pricey at $29.00 per night plus tax. The best feature of this hotel is location, location, location. We loved that we could easily stroll all of Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and North Beach. We'll likely stay here again.	
Mar 10 2005	Just returned	I will be back! I have been staying in San Fran for a while as i visit my college aged son. This hotel is the first i have felt totally comfortable in. The staff is friendly and the hotel itself is not what it appears from the outside. The Kimpton Group has taken it over and i believe, have given it a shakedown.....down comforters......gorgeous lobby and friendy restaurant and lounge. The food at the &quot;Cafe&quot; is quite &quot;hotel-like&quot; but the service makes up for it.....plus SF is a food town! So many other places to explore other than your hotel!This place geets major reccomendations from me. I will stay there again.	
Mar 5 2005	Great Hotel and brilliant location near Fishermans Wharf	Stayed at the Best Western Fishermans Wharf Hotel in June 2005 and really loved everything about it. A warm welcome on arrival and a nice suite although the rooms were quite compact, however I understand this is common in Fishermans Wharf . Our suite was located on the inner courtyard of the Hotel and lovely and quiet away from any possible traffic noise. Can highly recommend the Restaurant attached to the Hotel for both breakfast and dinner. All in all a great Hotel to stay in at a reasonable cost close to all the action on Fishermans Wharf.Free internet use in the reception area was a great touch.	
Mar 2 2005	Loved it	Recently stayed at the Tuscan Inn and had a great experience. The staff were helpful, it was in a great location, and was very charming. The complimentary evening wine reception was great, a nice chance to find out what's good or not good to do. Will probably stay when return in May.	
Feb 28 2005	The good outweighed the bad	My husband and I spent 3 nights here in January 2005. I believe this is a pet friendly motel, which would account for the overwhelming smell of animal urine which nearly knocked us over every time we entered our room! The motel was full being over New Years, so we were not able to be moved to another room.Apart from that, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were nicely decorated, and the beds were very comfortable. There is also internet access for a fee in the main lobby.We would probably stay here again, as the location is also good.	
Jan 19 2005	a great 5 days	we just returned from a several days in san francisco and want to be on record regarding the tuscan inn, a very comfortable and welcoming kimpton hotel at fisherman's wharf. the rooms are very clean and are charmingly appointed; the staff could not be friendlier, and they knock themselves out to make guests feel welcome. the daily wine hour at 5:00pm is a warm way to end the day and ease into the evening. this hotel is a winner!	
Jan 12 2005	Fantastic San Fran !!	We spent 2 weeks (which I gather is quite a long time!!!) at the Tuscan Inn in Sept 04 &amp; had a great time.The hotel was lovely - really clean with friendly helpful staff &amp; fantastically situated in between North Beach &amp; Fishermans Wharf.We had a room facing the inner courtyard on the first floor &amp; found it both quiet &amp; very comfortable.We really could not find any fault with either the hotel or San francisco at all, &amp; would not hesitate to stay there again. ps....do not miss Alcatraz - book in advance !!!	
Dec 25 2004	A Bargain Hotel With Class	We spent 4 days at the Best Western Tuscan Inn, Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco the week before Christmas. I booked the room through Expedia, and because of this, the hotel wouldn't credit my Best Western Gold Card with either points or air miles. The price was great for a small but comfortable room. We did have a room on the 3rd floor over the sidewalk and street of North Point. The windows are crank operated, and thin, so there was some street noise from city buses from about 5:30 in the morning until about 10 at night. We are heavy sleepers and it didn't really bother us, as it seems to have bothered other reviewers. The hotel is an Italian mediterrean theme everywhere, entrance, lobby, garden courtyard, restaurant, and rooms. The staff are 100% present and attentive to your every need. Their friendliness reminded me very much of the Aloha spirit at Hawai`ian resorts and hotels. The lobby is small and cozy with a gas log fireplace, perfect for taking away the chill after those cool, foggy walks down to the waterfront. Guests actually talk to one another during morning coffee, and the free hour of wine at 5 pm. I highly recommend this hotel, for both quality and economy.We bought some of our food at one of the 3 grocery stores a block from the hotel. I'ts about 2 blocks to Fisherman's Wharf, 2 blocks to the cable car turn-around, 1 block to the F-Line trolley car, and 3 blocks to Pier 39. I liked to start and end my day walking out to the sea lions on the K pier at Pier 39. I also took the Blue and Gold ferry out to Alcatraz, and suggest everyone visiting S.F. see this sight for both the ferry boat ride, and for the rich history lesson. Another of my day trips was to rent a car and drive down to Monterrey Bay.	
Dec 14 2004	Excellent	Stayed here in November '04, and loved it! Convenient for all wharfs, and trips to Alcatraz. VERY helpful staff allowed us to check in 4 hours early, and continued to impress! Complementary wine tasting in the evening was a bonus too!! Recommended.	
Nov 28 2004	top marks for the tuscan	Great hotel, great staff, great location not any problems what so ever. Keep up the good work!!!!!!!	
Nov 20 2004	Convenient and well managed	We stayed for three nights in October. The hotel is very conveniently situated for the piers. The whole place gave the impression of being well managed. The staff were helpful and attentive, the rooms were quite spacious and the whole place looked as if it was cared for. We had rooms that opened onto the garden and they were quiet. In any event the adjoining streets were not too busy. The rates were reasonable and we will certainly stay again when we return to SF.	
Nov 18 2004	A Mixed Bag	You can't beat the location with a stick, but the &quot;suite&quot; was awfully small. The thermostat gave us a choice of baste or chill until frosty.At $80-100 this is a 4 star but at $150 a night I was looking for a little more.	
Nov 17 2004	this is the place	the tuscan inn was a great place to spend a week since it is located away from the noise and action of the wharf but also close to the cable cars to travel around the city. our early flight arrival actually let us into the room before check in which was the first of many pluses of this hotel. the hotel has a wine hour each day which is a great way to relax after a day of touring and also meet others. friendly service was evident each day and the gentleman conceirge was patient and helpful. there is a grocery store right around the corner which was nice to grab some juice and pastry rather than a full scale breakfast. i could not recommend this place more and will return to the tuscan on my next vacation to california.	
Nov 15 2004	tuscan inn was wonderful	we stayed here for 3 nights last week. the rooms are small but very nice. the staff was very friendly and the location is great. got the &quot;best rate&quot; and it was a good deal.	
Nov 13 2004	Enjoyed our stay	Really enjoyed the Tuscan Inn. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Coffee in the morning was great. &quot;Happy hour&quot; from 5-6 was a great touch. We enjoyed drinking wine and meeting some of the other guests. Very close to Fishermans Wharf. Basically 2 blocks or so to the water. The only minor downside, as a few others have mentioned, is the bathroom/sink lighting. Room is a little small, but was totally fine for two people with two full sized suit cases. We will stay at this same hotel the next time we are in San Fran.	
Nov 9 2004	Wonderful Hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the hotel October 29th to November 2nd, 2004. I booked the hotel because it was recommended by Frommer's travel guide. I also looked at the reviews on tripadvisor and that also helped me make my final decision.Our room was average sized, I especially liked the fact that it had a couple of chairs and a table. I hate watching TV in bed (it is tough with bifocals). The beds were the most comfortable beds I think I have ever slept in, I don't know if the mattresses were new, but they were great. They also have these down comforters on the bed and several down pillows per bed, it was so hard to get up in the morning. I actually looked forward to getting back in the bed.The room had everything we needed, bar, refrigerator, big TV, shampoo and supplies, hair dryer, ironing board and iron, an umbrella and extra pillows. It also has a keyboard for wireless internet (extra fee). I also requested a courtyard view room and that kept down the noise (although we were up early everyday anyway). In the lobby they have free coffee, tea and biscotti everyday and have wine and snacks from 5 p to 6 p daily. There are newspapers at the desk for everyone. We ate at the adjoining restaurant once - I was not impressed.The hotel was centrally located to all the attractions, only 2 blocks from the wharf. That was so nice. And there were a lot of restaurants around, and a lot of souvenier shops. Pier 39 is there and we spent a lot of time watching the sea lions (so did everyone else).All in all we enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone and we would certainly stay there again. The staff was very nice.	
Nov 9 2004	Excellent !	Just returned from a week in San Francisco at the Tuscan Inn and thought I would give my views on an excellent stay.Had picked this hotel on reviews on this site and a couple of others and I was pleased with my choice.The room itself was medium size - we were on the 4th floor which was nice and quiet , the chiller was useful and the bed most comfortable - surprising for a hotel.The location is 1st class , a few minutes from the Wharf and all its attractions , and close to a Safeways Supermarket ( open 7 to 12 pm ) and handily placed for buses , trams and cable cars.The staff seemed pleasant and efficient whenever I had dealings with them , indeed the only quibble I had was that the bell boys at the front were a little undermanned on occasions but I will not let this alter my view of the hotel overall.Don't miss the complimentary drinks and give the Prescatore a visit as it is good value. If you want some breakfast off site then I would recommend the IHOP nearby , although it gets busy at the weekends so you may have to wait.My final thought - 1 recurring image during this week ( 1 Nov - 7 Nov ) was the staff demonstarations outside a number of prominent hotels , many were day long vigils and many were noisy - the good news was that the Tuscan was not 1 of them !	
Nov 1 2004	Loved the Tuscan Inn	My wife and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn four nights, from October 16 through the 19th, 2004. The room was small but very clean and nicely decorated. There were sliding shutters and two windows which could be opened for fresh air. The location is perfect for the first-time visitor and Fisherman's Wharf has a lot of nice things to do and places to eat. Transportation is very close by and we rode cable cars, streetcars and buses anywhere we wanted to go, from Little Italy to the Golden Gate Bridge. The concierge even gave us a pair of City Passes someone had turned in with four more days still on them, so we rode everywhere for free. The staff was friendly and the coffee &amp; biscotti snack in the morning and the wine in late afternoon were both very nice. The lobby is calm and looks out on potted flowers in a small courtyard. Soft Italian music played in the lobby and it was very pleasant. The concierge can arrange many different tours and provided maps to help us get around the city. We rented a car from Budget, which was just a block away and very convenient. I would definitely go back to the Tuscan Inn and can easily recommend it.	
Oct 13 2004	Shattered our image of a Best Western	We stayed here for the last week of September 2004. It was a lovely hotel and the front desk staff was so warm and welcoming to us as we arrived--tired and still on NY time. The room was pretty with plantation shutters and a view of a small courtyard. We were travelling with our 2 kids (4 &amp; 6). Not the best place to be with kids--smallish rooms, overpriced restaurant (though good food) and no pool, but I would stay there again if it were only the 2 of us. It was a very crowded time at the hotel--several tour busses (much older people--we're in our 30s). The wine reception in the evening had potential to be nice, but crowded with older folks, walkers, etc., in a rather smallish lobby. The coffee and biscotti in the a.m. was nice, too. The best thing was the location, close walk to the wharf and other places. Good (and inexpensive) sushi place around the corner--don't be deterred by appearances, and helpful to have a Walgreens across the street. We were pleasantly suprised at this &quot;Best Western&quot; as we always thought of Best Westerns as motel-type places.	
Oct 4 2004	Easily Accessible to Wharf	Close proximity to Fisherman's Wharf. Room on the small side but nicely decorated with extremely comfortable bed. Did not like the bathroom light shining into bedroom (no door in alcove). Staff accommodating and friendly. Enjoyed morning coffee and 5:00 p.m. cocktail hour.	
Oct 4 2004	Clean and Close	At the Tuscan with another couple 9/17 and 9/18. Went there because of positive TripAdvisor commentary and was not disappointed. Rooms were a bit small but very clean and nicely maintained. Beds were firm--which I like. Took the advice of other past guests and asked for 4th floor rooms which were very quiet. Location is perfect for Fisherman's Wharf and adjoining areas. The price:quality ratio was excellent. Staff was friendly and the vino hour in the evening was a nice touch.	
Oct 4 2004	Great location	Stayed here for 5 nights and would definately recommend the hotel. Check-in can get busy although we got lucky and only queued for a couple of minutes. Check-in clerk wasn't particularly friendly as he was busy but he was polite.The room was a good size and the location, being just a couple of blocks from the Wharf was excellent. The afternoon wine/beer was a great idea, as was the free morning tea/cofee.Note to those with a car, overnight valet parking is $26 but right next door the car park is $15 and it takes about 30 seconds to get from your car back to the hotel - why pay $26? Very greedy by the hotel.We had a small problem that the hot water at about 5pm had often run out (because many guest get ready for the free drinks hour). A bit frustrating but not enough to spoil our stay.All in all, definately recommend this hotel.	
Sep 29 2004	Great Location!	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Tuscan Inn. It is very convenient to Fisherman's Wharf and you can easily get to any other locations in the city via the Muni system. The cable cars and buses are all within walking distance. The hotel was clean and the staff was very friendly. We took alot of tours that picked us up right at the hotel. California Jeep Tours ( 2-5 people) for the city tour and The Great Pacific Tour Company ( 14 passenger van) for Carmel/Monterey and Muir woods/Sausilito. Both of these tours were much better than a big bus tour. We had a great time!	
Sep 28 2004	Loved the bed!	Loved the bed! It was the most comfortable bed,almost hated to get out of it. The room was somewhat small but well appointed. Great location,close to everything. Wonderful coffee! Staff was very nice. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 27 2004	Nice hotel	This is the second time I have stayed at the Tuscan Inn. Hotel is nice and clean, in a very convenient location, and the staff is friendly and helpful. Only negative is the bathroom area is a little small. I will stay again next time I am in San Francisco.	
Sep 25 2004	Great for the relatives	I live here in the city, and had my folks stay here at the hotel as they are from out of town. I had to submit something because they wouldn't stop talking about it...They really enjoyed the complimentary wine hour, and the massage table was a nice touch, especially on worn-out legs. They are big breakfast fans, and they rated the eggs benedict and french toast among the best in the city! They'll be back...	
Sep 20 2004	Great Location but small room	My first impression when I walked into the room was - this is it?? It was extremely small. Also, if you are planning to sleep in, don't. They don't have those dark curtains in most hotels. They have large mini-blinds that don't keep out the light. Every morning we got up around 7:ooam and had to put pillows over our heads to sleep any later. Which was difficult because the garbage truck (?) could be heard almost every morning around 5 or 6 am. Ouch!!The location was good. Very close to the wharf. We walked down there almost every night. We stayed 5 nights. Wasn't really impressed with the staff. Nobody went out of their way to make us feel welcome.It wasn't a terrible or bad experience, but I wouldn't stay there again.	
Sep 7 2004	Great location	Great location for Fisherman's Wharf and a hotel with a homely, personal touch. The room was clean, warm and comfortable but don't expect a great view from any of the rooms. The use of the foyer for free drinks between 5-6pm was popular especially with fellow Brits! Found the staff helpful especially the lady concierge who supplied maps and bus routes for Lincoln Park. If walking to Ghiradelli Square I would highly recommend stopping off at the Buena Vista Cafe in the evening for an Irish coffee....or two!	
Sep 7 2004	Recommend accommodation	Tuscan Inn, Fisherman's Wharf district, San Francisco.This hotel gets a 4 star recommendation from us. It had character and hospitality that belied a typical Best Western chain.The complimentary evening wine reception, in the lobby ended up being quite lovely, and gave the Inn more of a European style accommodation.For first timers this Best Western Inn should be considered as a great place to stay as you explore the beautiful City by the bay.	
Sep 2 2004	Great - Loved it!	Superb. Lovely hotel and excellent location. Rooms (although I suppose small by US standards) were cosy but had everything you wanted inc. heating (yes in August!) and a clean bathroom. We were fortunate enough to have a courtyard room which I gather is a better option. Free coffee and biscotti in the morning is a nice touch but we never made it back in time for free beer and wine from 5-6pm. The valet guy was extremely helpful and very friendly but the check in/guest services staff on the whole uninterested and unhelpful. The concierge said we stood no chance of getting tickets to Alcatraz (walked around the corner and found an agency selling them) - perhap I should've offered him a $20 tip?! Tip - book NOW for Alcatraz - www.bluegoldferries.com - for $16 pp rather than the inflated package costs of tour agencies. We got stuck with our car hire overnight and paid $25 to park - bit steep as there is a car park next door for less than that - doh! Overall though a top hotel in an excellent location. Make sure you make the 15-20 min walk up Stockton Ave to Little Italy and don't get totally distracted by Fishermans Wharf!	
Sep 1 2004	Honeymoon	The location was nice. The service needs help ! We were told since it was a honeymoon we would recieve champagine and a basket never happened.The front desk clerk was rude! Our suite we had was small there was pubic hair on the bathroom floor from ??? (who knows who ) It was a act to get flowers delivered to the room then they were place in a corner. You have to pay to park in there garage evan staying there for 5 days. The only thing nice I have to say is.On the fourth floor every morning a cleaning lady would greet us with a smile and a Good Morning How are you ? No one else in that place knew how to do such a thing.	
Aug 30 2004	A great place to stay	We recently spent 8 nights here and loved it. The bed was outstanding; room and lobby were very attractive; and we enjoyed the Italian restaurant adjoining the hotel. We thought the location was excellent--attractions in San Francisco are not all in one spot, so no hotel will be adjacent to everything you want to see. We were able to take a bus or cable car to the few places that were too far to walk. Golden Gate Park on a Sunday was our favorite place--there's an entire universe of activities going on there	
Aug 23 2004	Good Stay	Nice hotel close to the action; however, I did not like the location - while it was close to the Wharf, the area of the hotel was seedy. If I were to return I would try downtown and take public transportation to Fisherman's Wharf.	
Aug 23 2004	Loved it!	Love this hotel! The location could NOT be better - we were 2 blocks from the Wharf!!! The room was small, but very inviting! The decor was very nice, down comforter, honor bar, etc. Our view was a brick wall next door, but we were only in the room at night so it didn't matter. The garden view would be a nice option if you can get it. I highly recommend this hotel!!!	
Aug 19 2004	Above Average Stay	Stayed one night at the Tuscan Inn. Hotel could not have been in a better location -- can't be beat!! Check in was smooth. Room ready and very comfortable. Nicely appointed rooms. A few suggestions: the wooden blinds don't keep the rooms dark enough once the sun rises, street noise was a bit loud (I bought a set of ear plugs.) The remote to our tv wasn't working (a new one was set up promptly.) The bed was comfortable with a nice thick comforter. The courtyard was in full bloom with beautiful flowering plants. We didn't get a chance to sample the afternoon wine as we were gone most of the day. Valets quick to get the car out of the garage and very helpful with directions. The hotel restaurant was a bit over priced but good service and good quality. I would stay there again and would highly recommend.	
Aug 16 2004	Would stay again!	Courteous, responsive service and a great location! Wish we could have gone to the wine hour but we were always out sightseeing. The rooms on the outer perimeter do get some street noise, but that didn't keep us from sleeping well. And considering how close it is to Fisherman's Wharf, it is surprisingly quiet! All in all, we had a great stay and would stay there again.	
Aug 16 2004	Location Location Location	Stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn on August 6-8, 2004. If you are visiting San Francisco for the first time or love Fisherman's Wharf, this hotel might be the place to stay. Very central to Pier 39, Ghiradelli Square....walkable...but need to ride a cable car or drive to Golden Gate bridge, Golden Gate park, Union Square or Chinatown. Hotel overall is very clean...room is small...but nice and clean...bathroom a little on the older side....not the greatest....service was okay....Lots of restaurants and shops nearby....Cafe Pescotta next to hotel....food was good....so check it out....Not the best of hotels...but not the worst either...above average.....if you want convenience stay here....if you want luxury go somewhere else	
Aug 10 2004	Nice hotel in great location	Stayed in San Fran for 4 nights in the Tuscan Inn. The hotel was good, room was a little small but very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The location was excellent- so close to all the touristy things. The manager was a little grumpy when we first checked in but the rest of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Bring your woolies though coz San Fran is sooo cold!!	
Aug 4 2004	Great Birthday stay!	This was a great stay for my birthday last February! The service was good, the wine service each evening was very nice (though somewhat crowded with not a lot of sitting space) next to the fireplace, and the location was awesome! The room was small, but big enough for 2 adults and 1 child, and the yoga supplies were a nice touch. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Jul 29 2004	Comfortable hotel	Stayed here 9th - 12th July. Comfortable hotel in very good location for ferries and Pier 39. Check in was quick and efficient. We had booked one room with a King size bed and a sofa bed for our 2 teenagers, thinking that when the sofa bed was put back during the day we would have more space than having 2 Queens. The price prohibited booking 2 rooms, which we had done in Vegas and Anaheim. We regretted it, as once the sofa bed was pulled out there was very little space and the maid did not put it back during the day. The sofa bed only had one blanket and my daughter was cold, so we requested an extra blanket but she was still cold, so we requested a duvet (quilt) but despite asking for it twice it never appeared. We glimpsed rooms containing 2 Queen beds and they seemed to have more space. Other than that it was a pleasant stay, the room was clean, our bed was really comfortable and the reception staff were friendly. The free morning coffee and evening wine reception were both good opportunities to meet other guests. The adjoining restaurant was very good and I agree with a previous reviewer that the Tiramasu was the best I had ever tasted. It is a pity they don't serve a buffet breakfast, so we went across the road to the Sheraton to the the restaurant there and the breakfast was very good. We also used the I-Hop which was just round the corner. Another dissapointment was that we had requested a courtyard view but could only see 2 pot plants up a corner, we could also hear noise from the street late at night. I think I would only stay here again if there was just 2 of us sharing a room, when I am sure it would be really comfortable. I agree with previous reviewer that you need warm clothes in San Francisco, the evening trip on the ferry to Alcatraz was very cold and windy and the morning trip to Muir woods was cold and damp! However, when the sun burned off the mist it was pleasantly warm. We booked a coach tour of Muir Woods and Sausalito and a jeep tour of San Francisco on the internet www.alcatraz.us and they were both excellent.	
Jul 28 2004	Not worth it	The rooms were tiny and still decorated in the 70s style. The bathroom needed a face-lift also. Happy hour was okay and the guests were the age 55-75 and we just didn't fit in. They wanted $25 plus tax to park. The people at the desk were cold and not very helpful. Luckily they let us leave after the first night and we got a better deal by the airport.	
Jul 26 2004	Great hotel	We just returned from our vacation and the first stop was the Tuscan Inn. We have 4 children and we booked two adjoining rooms. I agree with other reviews that the rooms were on the smaller side, but we thought the hotel was great overall. The service was friendly and helpful at the front desk, but the conciege that I dealt with was not very good. I needed directions and she did not offer to find them for me. Other than that, it was a great place to stay, especially with kids.	
Jul 22 2004	Very Impressed	We had some not so good experiences with Best Western lately but we were presently surprised with this spot. We were greated by a very friendly and very helpful valet. Gave us some great local places to eat and things to see. Yes, the rooms were small for the money paid but the location was wonderful. Who stays in there room when you are in San Francisco? The cable car was just down the street and it made it very easy to get around. I would definitely stay here again	
Jul 20 2004	Just OK	OK hotel,very small and tight room, nice lobby and good location if you want to be by all the tourists that get drawn to the wharf, the best part of the hotel- the restaurant downstairs on the corner, a little pricey but good breakfeasts and dinners. if you want to be more center city, check out other locations in a different area. Oh yeah - bring a sweatshirt sweater and warm jacket, it was pretty cold, something I would never expect for California but Mark Twain was right and according to our bus driver the best time to visit is in Sept/ Oct, when all the fog burns off and you can see the beautiful sun	
Jul 13 2004	Great Hotel	This is a great place to stay and very convenient. It's located very near the Fishermans Wharf but a few blocks away, so it's still quiet. The rooms are nice but small and ask for a room that faces the courtyard. Every afternoon at 5 wine is served and it is a nice way to relax after a day of sightseeing. The hotel has a wonderful concierge who was extremely knowledgeable and helpful.	
Jul 8 2004	Wonderful Experience!	My daughter and I stayed at the Tuscan Inn early July 2004 for two nights and loved it! The staff was friendly and helpful, the beds were comfortable, the rooms were clean, and the location was convenient. We really enjoyed the evening beer and wine receptions as it gave us an opportunity to meet other visitors and share tips for our visit! I also loved my chair massage! I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to my friends. While some have commented that the rooms are small at the Tuscan, that was not an issue for us...we were there to see the city, not hang out in our hotel rooms!	
Jul 7 2004	Awesome Experience!	We stayed there this past weekend and LOVED it! The front desk was friendly and prompt. The 24 hr. valet was fast as well. We had an ultra clean, large corner room with views of Coit Tower and the Wharf. The location was perfect for a walk to the wharf and North Beach. Morning coffee and biscotti was a nice touch as well as the all you can drink free wine hour in the evening. You will not go wrong here!	
Jun 25 2004	A great location!	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for 2 nites in June 2004 and found it quite appealing. A superb location, reasonable price, easy access to all the main sights and transit lines to get around the city. Clean and well-appointed rooms were a bit smallish for a family of four, (we used a King, sofa bed and rollaway), but as one previous reviewer indicated, we spent most of our time out and about. Excellent staff and service and the adjoining Italian restaurant was superb. A very nice lobby. A very cheerful staff and prompt service. Highly recommended!	
Jun 14 2004	Friendly Staff Great Location!	Stayed 3 nights!Location is great, very close to the wharf, easy walk to pier 39, less than a block's walk to the Cable Cars. The friendly, helpful and knowledgeable staff can do or help you with just about anything you want or need. Parking was $26/day - free valet with on and off priv. We will be back!	
Jun 12 2004	Great hotel	We stayed here in June 2004 for 3 nights. We loved the friendly, relaxed atmosphere and the opportunity to meet fellow guests at the &quot;happy hour&quot; in the hotel lobby each evening. The location of the hotel provides easy walks to numerous area attractions. Our room was a little small but very clean and well appointed. We enjoyed our stay there so much we returned for another night before leaving the San Francisco area. Highly recommended.	
Jun 6 2004	Great Place to Stay in SF!	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn on Halloween Weekend of 2003. We had absolutely no problems whatsoever, the courtyard room we had was quiet, small and cozy. After all, who needs a huge &amp; fancy suite when you have a city like San Francisco to explore?! The location is perfect, right near the Wharf and lots of restaraunts &amp; shops. Also, it is a block away from the trolley turnaround. There was a motorcycle rental place and a bicycle rental place 5 seconds away, which we took full advantage of. The Tuscan also offered complimentary wine happy hour from 5-6pm in the warm &amp; cozy lobby where you can wind down your day and meet other hotel guests or just hang out by yourselves. We will stay there again if we ever return to San Francisco!!	
Apr 14 2004	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I stayed here in March 2004 for 4 nights en-route to Australia. This hotel is absolutely brilliant, conveniently situated within walking distance for all tourist activities, The Wharf, Pier 39, cable cars etc.The rooms are very clean, spacious and quiet (ask for a quiet room). The manager's wine reception every evening between 5 - 6pm is a must where you can meet your fellow travellers if you are so inclined.The Cafe Pescatore (adjoining) is a must if you like Italian food. The pizzas and pastas are superb, and the tirasamu is out of this world!All in all, a fantastic hotel and a great location. I would definitely recommed this place and look forward to returning in the future.	
Apr 9 2004	Loved It (But Beware The Incompetent Desk Clerk)	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn in August 2003 for 9 days. We loved the location and were able to walk to take a trolley to all of our desired local destinations. The hotel staff was great and housekeeping went so far as to organize the toiletries I had brough from home and had left scattered on the vanity. Our room decor was cute and given the small size of the room (as is the case with most SF hotel rooms), they used the space well and provided a charming and relaxing atmosphere. I am originally from the Monterey Bay area and my fiance is from Alabama. This was his first trip to CA and he fell in love and had an awesome time. The hotel restaurant is overpriced and average--I would advise venturing out. The only real problem I had was at checkout. I received my bill and paid it and was walking out the door when I noticed it was incorrect. They had overcharged me by at least $600. I turned around and went back to the front desk clerk who informed me that he could not make a correction and give me a refund but handed me a card with accounting's number on it. He advised me to call them once I returned to DC (because they were currently at lunch). Given that he couldn't understand what the error was when I was standing in front of him pointing it out. I was not about to leave and hash it out long distance over the phone. After 15 minutes of refusing to help me and telling me it was beyond his control and out of practice to make corrections at the desk, another woman (a manager?) overheard and asked what the problem was. I explained and she fixed it in 3 minutes and gave me a refund. Perhaps he was still in training or was the kind of person who liked to pretend he knew what he was doing and didn't want to ask for help. Outside of this incident, everyone else was great. Review your bill very closely!!	
Apr 5 2004	Great location nice atmosphere!	This hotel was charming and we enjoyed our stay there! The location is terrific- away from the city hassle but within walking distance to many attractions. The rooms are small but attractive. The bathrooms are quite small compared to other hotels but adequate. The staff is friendly and helpful. My only complaint is that the restaurant does not open to 7 AM and they do not offer a buffet that the other hotels offer. We wind up going to the Hyatt at the next block for a great breakfast buffet as we had to get an early start for our booked tours. The nighly wine reception is also a chance to meet others and chat!	
Mar 31 2004	Very pleasant	We spent 3 nights at the Tuscan Inn. Very clean, decorated very nicely, nice amenities such as an umbrella available for use (which we needed!), pleasant staff, close to the Wharf, just a few blocks to the cable car turnaround, Pier 39 shopping, &amp; ferry boat tours.Travel desk very helpful. The restaurant is very expensive but good food. We would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 28 2004	A great location	We were in San Fran in Feb. 2004. We loved our hotel room. It was smaller than we were used to, but the location made up for it. We were in a courtyard room (make sure you ask for one of those, otherwise your room faces a busy road). Staff was helpful when they were not too busy. Make sure you realize that you pay for parking. We were within walking distance of the Warf, Cable car turn around, little Italy, and Lombard Street. We will stay here again.	
Mar 22 2004	We'll Stay Here Again!	My wife and I were attending a conference in San Francisco in June 2003. We first checked into a downtown hotel we booked on the internet (the Pickwick). What a disappointment! The room was NOT what we had been promised: small, drab, different bed type than promised, etc. We definitely wanted to spend the rest of our visit at a nicer hotel. After calling several hotels, we booked at the Tuscan Inn on Fisherman's Wharf. What a deliteful experience! The friendly staff bent over backward to make us feel welcome and comfortable! The reservation staff helped me find a room cost much lower than &quot;rack rate.&quot;Clean, airy room. Complimentary wines, beer, and snacks every afternoon. Even a complimentary chair massage! The Tuscan Inn rescued us from what had started as an unpleasant first visit to this wonderful city. When we return, and we will, the Tuscan Inn will be our hotel choice!	
Mar 15 2004	Tuscan Inn was great.	My one night's stay at Bestwestern Tuscan Inn in the Fisherman's Wharf district was all I had hoped for. I reserved two rooms, one for my son and his girlfriend, and one for myself. I had a Deluxe King Room, and it looked just like it did in the brochures and website. My son's Deluxe room had 2 double beds, which cut down on the room size. It's within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf and everything in that area. I asked for a quiet room, and it was, although then I had to look at a wall. It was okay, not that much time was spent in the room. I must say, the Honor bar was quite expensive. You have to pay $26.00 for valet parking, but that was okay. We ate two meals at the Pescatore Cafe, and the food was good, and the staff was exceptionally nice. Also, the hotel staff was very helpful and considerate. They let us keep our luggage and car there after we checked out, while we went back to the Wharf. If you've never been to San Francisco, you have to go. Everyone has to experience it, it's a wonderful city.	
Mar 3 2004	Love the Tuscan Inn	As a Tour Guide, staying in hotels is second nature but the Tuscan Inn stands out as a fine property. More intimate, close personal attention from the staff and exceptionally clean rooms. In addition, it is location, location, location. Thanks for a great hotel!	
Feb 26 2004	A Taste of Italy near Fisherman's Wharf	Back during the week of 9/11/01, stayed 5 days! Great Location. Close to shops &amp; Resturants @ Pier 39 &amp; Fisherman's Wharf. Also, China Town &amp; the cablecars were within walking distance. Great people, service was terrefic, (especially during this stressful time!) The morning biscotti with coffee, &amp; early afternoon wine hit the spot. Our room was very comfortable, clean &amp; cozy. Nice lobby area with fireplace, great view of gardens. Their curteous staff helped with our travel plans for tours and also assisted during check-out (while the planes were still grounded.) Teaming this Hotel with the great food &amp; service @ Cafe Pescatore, I would definitely choose this hotel again while in SF, an experience we won't ever forget.	
Feb 23 2004	Great location small rooms...	When we finally arrived at the Tuscan Inn after having the wrong address, I was disappointed to find that there was a $50 pet charge. The website had indicated that it was a pet-friendly hotel, and I had called to verify, but was never told of any charge. I was aupset, since my $89/night room had gone to $138/night between the parking ($24/night) and the pet charge. I was also disappointed that the hotel's &quot;room service&quot; came from a nearby pizzeria, but the hotel still charged a fee on each delivery. I was disappointed that while it was the most money I had ever spent on a hotel, it was also the smallest room I had ever stayed in. The clerk when I checked in was rather rude. The next morning my husband went down to the front desk to see if anyone would be a little kinder than the rude man the night before. Fortunately a female manager was there and appeased him. I was all ready to leave, despite the fact that we would have to fork over more money for our pet charge somewhere else. We ended up staying, though we now had less spending money. Being that I worked as a front desk person at a Best Western for quite awhile I was on the lookout for good service and facilities...I was not all that impressed.That said, the location is marvelous. We didn't pull our car out of the parking garage the whole time we were there. Since the sights we wanted to see were mostly around Pier 39, we were able to walk everywhere. There is also a handy 7-11 close by so one can purchase snacks and sodas for their room. Would I stay there again? Maybe, if I got a good deal, and did not bring my dog.	
Feb 19 2004	outstanding service	My wife and I spent Valentine's Day Weekend at the Tuscan. Before we left home I contacted the hotel to get a courtyard room, it's quieter, and to have roses in the room when we arrived. Yvette handled the room and because the concierge was ill, gave the numbers of some local florists. When we arrived at our room the flowers were there. On Friday, from 5-6pm they have a mangers hour with wine, beer etc. It was a time to meet new people and enjoy a good beverage. The rooms are nicely appointed with an honor bar that is not outrageously priced. The hotel is located near Fisherman's Wharf.	
Feb 5 2004	Above Average	If you are looking for a great location, I would recommend this hotel. Walking distance to fishermans wharf and ghirardeli square. Don't be fooled by Best Western, this hotel must be a franchise and you will notice the extra touches. Room was small but no complaints as far as decor or ameneties. Has a european flavor. NOTE: Parking is not cheap, check before you go.	
Feb 2 2004	Very Cool!	When planning a surprise trip to 'Frisco for my wife and I, it was decided that I did not want to simply stay at the average hotel. As my wife is Italian, this provided a great opportunity to cater to &quot;the old country&quot;. She absolutely loved it, and vowed to never stay anywhere else when visiting San Francisco. The price was great, the staff was awesome, and the rooms were clean. We were also pleasantly surprised at the restaurant located in the lobby. This restaruant could stand alone, and compete with any of the supposed high end places in the city. We can not wait to return to San Francisco as we know for sure that we have some place great to reside! Thanks.Rick Keeling.	
Jan 27 2004	Fab hotel	I stayed in this hotel whilst in San Francisco and thought it was excellent. Before arriving I thought that Fisherman's Wharf might be a bit 'cheesy' and touristy, but I liked it. Not too tacky and the nearby sealions are great! The hotel was of a good standard, big clean rooms, decent bathroom and the free wine reception in the evening was an added bonus.	
Jan 7 2004	Great Place Even better location	We stayed at The Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf over New Years weekend and had a fabulous time. You are just 2 blocks from the main street through Fisherman's Wharf and you wouldn't want to be any closer with the noise. Take previous reviewer's advice and ask for a Garden Room.Everyone was incredibly nice. Especially the housekeeping staff. You walk down the hall to the elevator and they stop what their doing to say Good Morning and make sure everything is to your liking. What a great place!!	
Jan 7 2004	Great Location Friendly Staff	The Tuscan Inn is in a great spot of the Harbour, Golden Gates Trips, Alcatraz and all the seals and manages to cut out the noise of the busy streets/ tourists. It is easy to get a tram into the city and there are some restaurants with great views close by.The rooms are clean and comfortable although mine (With two double beds) could have been bigger. The staff are friendly and there is one computer for internet access as well as free coffee and biscuits in the afternoon.There is no hotel bar but an italian restaurant is attached to the hotel which was nice and convenient.	
Dec 15 2003	Loved it	Stayed 9 nights at the Tuscan Inn in November 2003. Staff were friendly and helpful. Room was small, but very comfortable. The hotel and our room were kept spotlessly clean. We enjoyed the extra amenities such as newspaper, morning coffee &amp; cocoa &amp; biscotti and the evening wine receptions. We will likely try to stay at this hotel next time we come to San Francisco.	
Dec 4 2003	Nice Property	We stayed at the Tuscan Inn for 3 nights. The property was neat and clean and only 2 blocks from the Warf where all the action is. It was a very convenient location to Pier 39 and the trolley cars. The rooms were a little smaller than what I was use to but I believe that is common in San Francisco. Everyone is invited for the evening wine reception which is 1 hour long. During that time there is a very nice and knowledgable gentlemen who offers free chair massages. There are only x-amount of slots so be sure to sign up early before all spots are gone. (He gets there about 4:45pm) One of my only complaints about the property was the conceirge. Since we are tourists we had to ask him a few questions on how to get around. He wasn't very clear when he explained directions. Since we were exploring a very large city we asked if there were some areas to avoid for safety purposes. He asked where we were from and then proceeded to tell us that cops get shot there too. What kind of answer is that? We are trying to protect ourselves from any bad places and we get an idiotic answer like that. I'm sorry but we are tourists needing information, if you don't like people asking you all these questions maybe you shouldn't be performing that job anymore. The greatest help came from a very lovely desk clerk who did a great job with getting us where we needed. We asked her how to get back to the airport without having to pay the shuttle service $15 each. She suggested the bus and sub system. Then she went out of her way and pulled up the routes and planned it all out for us. Told us where we had to leave from and what time to be there. She even printed us out a schedule. I have never been on any public transportation before so I was a little nervous doing this. I felt completely safe and would not hesitate doing it again. The residents of the city were very nice and helpful. It was raining one day and we were walking out of a restaurant. There was a very nice gentleman who had a large umbrella and shared it with me. I thought that was an extremely kind gesture from a stranger.	
Nov 28 2003	Lovely Lovely Lovely	My sister and I just got back from spending two nights at The Tuscan and let me tell you, the first time was great, but the 2nd time was even better. The room was a little small for the two of us but the decor and the bed made up for it. The bed was very comfortable. We stayed in room 442. The hotel is very convenient for the trolley, bus line and a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. In the morning they serve in the lobby area, delightful biscotti's, coffee and tea and since it was Thansgiving, they also had a spread of pastries which normally they do not have but probably since it was a holiday they did something special. The front desk staff were more than helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Oct 20 2003	Value location and "they remember your name"	Stayed here many times. It's location is fantastic if you want to get to the Ballpark, to the cable car, on and off the freeway, to the wharf, etc. Nice, comfy feel. Folks here remember your name if you're a returning guest. And value is key for the rooms and the service!	
Sep 30 2003	Good place to stay	Room was a little small but nice. Faced the courtyard. Wine reception in lobby was good. Parking was only $10 with AAA rate. Very good location. Was not noisy. But when you stay in a big city noise is a part of it. Just ignore the homeless people. Good place to stay for the price. Clean. Staff was helpful.	
Sep 25 2003	Been there many times	We visit San Francisco about 4 times a year and always stay at the Tuscan Inn. The rooms are sometimes small, but when you're in San Francisco, you don't spend much time in it. The service is always great and the rooms very clean. Stayed in a few other hotels, but nothing compares for the price and the convenience of being close to everything.	
Sep 20 2003	Nothing special	While the Tuscan Inn is a perfectly fine place to stay on the Wharf, it's nothing special. Our room was extremely small, overlooking the courtyard (&quot;courtyard&quot; is a bit of a stretch - it's a very tiny area with a few potted plants and trees). The television was tiny and ancient. The staff was very aggressive about checking the honor bar regularly, and even incorrectly charged us for using it (this was reversed, but aggravating!). They do not sell 3-day Muni passes at the desk as stated in the hotel literature provided in the room. The concierge seemed to never be around. Hotel parking (valet-only) is now $23 a night. We stayed in the Radisson on the Wharf (just across the street) a few months ago and had a much better experience (larger room, better parking, gracious staff, helpful concierge) for about the same cost.	
Sep 9 2003	This was a GREAT hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Best Western Tuscan Inn at Fisherman's Wharf for 3 nights in August and loved it so much that we booked for an additional 2 nights on our way back through San Francisco. We took the advice of the people who had submitted reviews on this site and we did ask for a courtyard room. We received this category of room both times and were very happy with the fact that we did not hear any street noise at all! Every evening from 5:00 - 6:00 they have complimentary wine and beer in their lobby by the fireplace. It really is a great atmosphere. The hotel is close to Fisherman's Wharf and the cable car lines. We were also able to walk to North Beach (a must do) as well as Lombard Street. The staff is wonderful to deal with and very helpful if you need directions or advice. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 31 2003	Been there twice cause it's very comfy	This place fits the bill. Am sorry for those few noisey rooms that some folks got saddled with. NorthPoint mall [small] is right acroos the street with a Safeway store full of goodies. And the hotel is quite close to the Wharf with all of the tour boats and sea food restaraunts. The cable car is a block and a half away so this makes China town a snap. The Italian restaraunt in the hotel is very good. The complimentary beer &amp; wine every evening is a great amenity. The rooms are very clean and very well appointed. Be sure to ask for a quiet room so that some other poor bastard gets one of those! All in all I love this place. I strongly recommend the Tuscan Inn. Be sure to go see Muir Woods while you're there also. Jesus loves you and so do I. Oh, and ride the cool renovated trolley cars all around the city also as you really can smell the city this way !	
Aug 27 2003	Been twice		
Aug 6 2003	Noisy! But a great location		
Jun 3 2003	Disappointing view		
May 19 2003	Great Hotel!		
May 9 2003	Decent suite OK price great location		
Apr 30 2003	Aloha		
Apr 19 2003	Wonderful Hotel		
Oct 23 2002	Wonderful Hotel - Excellent Staff		
Jul 10 2002	Tuscan Inn is just OK		
Jan 29 2002	a good nights sleep		
Sep 26 2009 	Un buon albergo		
Aug 13 2009 	Disavventura al Tuscann Inn		
Jun 12 2009 	Bel hotel ottima posizione		
Jun 8 2009 	Excelente ubicacion-precio lo recomiendo sin dudar"		
May 24 2009 	Todo ok menos el estacionamiento		
May 13 2009 	Ottima posizione. Hotel nella media		
Mar 30 2009 	??????????		
Aug 25 2008 	nette Lage aber durchschnittlicher Service!!		
Aug 17 2008 	Buon Hotel Ottima posizione		
Jun 16 2008 	Tuscan Inn - da muss man hin!		
